
The Brand Experience Company
Privacy Policy

Privacy of your personal information is very important to us. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available under the domain and sub-domains of www.cheezemark.com (cheezemark.com or "Site") and apply generally to our parent, affiliates, subsidiaries or joint venture websites whose specific privacy policies are available from our Privacy Central pages. By visiting this Site you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site.

When you use our Site, we collect and store your personal information provided by you. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide a safe, efficient and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your. Importantly, we only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us.

We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our Site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address.

We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
