 Privacy Policy
The Searchwords business ("Searchwords Business") and the Searchwords site ("our site") isowned and operated by the Searchwords Pty Ltd (ABN 94 152 187 016) ("we" or "us").We collect and use personal information from customers of the SearchWords Business or visitors to our site, including information or opinions which are capable of identifying visitors,such as the customer's/visitor's name, address, contact telephone numbers and emailaddress ("Personal Information"). We do not wish to collect information about visitors that issensitive information as defined under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). We are committed to the protection of your Personal Information and we have developed this PrivacyPolicy in line with the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act.This Privacy Policy is important. It applies to the collection, storage, use and disclosure by usof your Personal Information. Access to our products, services or site is conditional on your approval of this Privacy Policy and you agree that your use of our products, services or siteimplies your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Changes to the privacy policy
 If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy,so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under whatcircumstances, if any, we disclose it. Your continued use of our products, services or sitefollowing any such amendment will be confirmation of your acceptance of the amendments.We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
Information collected
 We will collect Personal Information about you through your use of our products, services or site. Some of the Personal Information collected by us will track your use of our products,services or site. The Personal Information is collected by us to enhance your use of our products, services or site and to assist us in service provision. We may collect PersonalInformation about you for our related bodies corporate and service providers and when you request information about products and services. We will only collect Personal Informationthat is necessary for one or more of our functions.
Use
 We may provide your Personal Information to our related bodies corporate or serviceproviders. We may also use your Personal Information to: • Inform you about our site, goods,services, offers, third party goods or services, or in order to provide the product or service you have requested, or other matters which we believe are of interest to you. • Customise the advertising and content on our site and to contact you about specials deals. • Share with authorised third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf, such as marketing and analysis organisations, financial and credit card institutions in order to process any payments, hosting companies, website developers, internet service providers and customer service providers ("Authorised Service Providers").

• provide a more efficient and informative service to our customers via our geocoded mapping software. Our related bodies corporate and Authorised Service Providers may be located both in and outside Australia. If you subsequently decide that you do not wish to receive information from them you may let us know by contactinginfo@searchwords.com.au.
Storage of information
 
 
We will use our reasonable endeavours to protect and maintain the security of your PersonalInformation and to make the SearchWords Business and our as secure as possible against unauthorised access. Our officers, employees, agents and third party contractors are expected to observe the confidentiality of your Personal Information. Despite our reasonable endeavours, we are unable to ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Information transmitted to us and all Personal Information disclosed by you to us is at your own risk.
Disclaimer 
 We will not disclose your Personal Information to any third party (other than our relatedbodies corporate and Authorised Service Providers) without your consent in writing, unlessotherwise required by law, or unless such disclosure is reasonably necessary in our opinionto protect our rights or property or to avoid injury to any person. We may introduce, link or refer you, to other businesses operated by third parties. You acknowledge that suchbusinesses are not operated by us. Advertisements on our site, links to or from other sites or businesses do not constitute sponsorship, approval, endorsement of the content, policies,practices or services offered on those advertisements, sites or businesses. This PrivacyPolicy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you via theSearchWords Business or via our site. The use of your Personal Information by theaforementioned third parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is notsubject to our control. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Inthe event of a merger, acquisition or sale of the whole or part of our business, we reserve theright to transfer your Personal Information as part of any such transaction. However, your Personal Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.
Access to information collected by us
 We will use our reasonable endeavours to keep your Personal Information accurate. You mayobtain access to the Personal Information that we have collected about you, via theSearchWords Business or our site, by contactinginfo@searchwords.com.au. We will use our reasonable endeavours to provide a complete list of your Personal Information within 21 daysof receipt of your enquiry. We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for this service.
Children
 We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you areat least 13 years old but not yet 18, you should only do so in conjunction with your parent or guardian who agrees to this Privacy Policy.
Consent
 You acknowledge and agree that we, our related bodies corporate and Authorised ServiceProviders and each of their officers, employees, agents and contractors are permitted tocollect, store, use and disclose your Personal Information in the manner set out in this PrivacyPolicy and in accordance with the Privacy Act.
Contact
 In case you have any queries concerning our privacy policy matters. Do not hesitate tocontact us atinfo@searchwords.com.au.