Santander Bank Online Privacy Policy
This U.S. Online Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to use of the Santander Bank online site. The
terms “we,” “our,” and “us” in this Policy refer to Santander Bank, N.A. This policy describes
how we may collect, share and use personal information about you based on your interaction
with our websites, advertisements, third party websites and Santander-branded social media sites
or pages and the choices you can make about how your information is collected and used
throughout the site. This policy applies to information collected through our site only, and not to
information collected offline.
As you review this policy, please keep in mind that:
? This Policy is intended to cover only our U.S. customers. If you access our online
services or visit our U.S. sites, your information may be transferred or processed
in the U.S.
? If you have a financial product or service with us, we will share and use any
information we collect from or about you in accordance with our Privacy Notice
[hyperlink to Privacy Notice], which offers some choices with respect to the use
and sharing of your personal information. Personal information that you share on
Santander-managed social media pages, such as Facebook and Twitter, are subject
to the privacy policies and terms of use of those platforms. Please refer to those
policies before posting any content to those pages. You should NEVER provide
personal information to Santander through social media.
? Our online services are not intended for children under thirteen (13). We do not
knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of thirteen
(13) without parental consent.
What We Collect:
Personal Information
When you use Santander’s online sites, we collect personal information that you provide via
forms, applications, surveys and other online fields. This information may include your name,
postal or email address, telephone number(s), username and password.
Nonpersonal Information
In addition to the personal information that we collect from you, we may collect some
information from your use of our online services. This information may include your IP address,
browser and/or device information, information collected through cookies, pixel tags, clear gifs
and other technologies that could provide information such as your household income and age,
location based data and internet search history. This information is not aggregated and will not
be combined with your personal information in any way.
You have choices to limit the ways your nonpersonal information is collected and used, please
see the “Your Choices” section of this Policy.
How We Collect Information:
In addition to the information you provide in response to our requests or during the course of
your online banking, Santander and our third party service providers may collect certain nonpersonal
information in a variety of ways including:
Through your browser: When you visit our site, we collect the IP address of the device as well as
the type of browser you are using and the type of operating system. We will also note which site
you came from or the advertisement you viewed or clicked on. We may use this information for
a number of purposes, such as, to monitor website usage and/or performance, improve the
customer experience on the website, ensure technological compatibility with visitors’ computers
or other electronic or mobile devices, or to conduct aggregate analyses on usage patterns. The
information collected is for statistical use and is not tied to an individual’s identity.
Through "cookies," pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and other technology: Cookies are pieces
of data that are stored on your computer or mobile device. Cookies allow us to collect
information, such as your browser type, the time you spend on our sites, the pages you visited,
your language preferences and non-personally identifiable information. We use pixel tags, web
beacons, clear GIFS and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of our advertisements.
Most internet browsers allow you to refuse cookies, but doing so may cause you to be unable to
access certain of our services. For more information on opting out of certain tracking, please see
the “Your Choices” section, below.
How We Use Information:
The information Santander collects is used to increase your service and experience on our sites
and mobile apps. We may use your information:
? To process your requests, transactions, applications and inquiries.
? To verify your identity (using location-based data)
? To allow you to access your online accounts
? To recognize you when you return to our sites
? To prevent fraud and increase security of our online services (using location-based data)
? To provide you with personalized offers and tailor your experience with Santander
? To comply with applicable legal requirements.
How We Share Information:
Santander may share information with our service providers, affiliates and other third parties.
Where applicable, we limit sharing your personal information according to our Privacy Notice.
Service Providers, Affiliates or Joint Marketers. We may disclose certain
personal and nonpersonal information we collect from your use of our sites to
companies that perform services on our behalf, including those who assist us in
processing transactions, preparing and mailing statements (if applicable), and
responding to user inquiries. In addition, we may disclose that information to
service providers that perform marketing services for us and to financial
institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. We reserve the right
to share or otherwise disclose the information we collect with affiliates and third
parties for direct marketing purposes.
? Non-Affiliated Third Parties. We may disclose certain of the nonpersonal
information we collect from your use of our sites to Non-Affiliated Third Parties .
Non-Affiliated Third Parties may include financial service providers (such as
banks or other lenders), nonfinancial companies (such as publishers, retailers and
direct marketers), and others. We may also disclose information about you to
Non-Affiliated Third Parties as required or permitted by law, such as to comply
with a subpoena, respond to inquiries from government authorities or defend legal
actions.
Your Choices
Do Not Track
Your browser may allow you to choose not to have your activities tracked.
Santander contracts with advertising companies to advertise our products and services on
unaffiliated websites and mobile apps. We may use non-personally identifiable information we
collect as described above to assist these advertising companies in selecting which of our
advertisements and offers may appeal to you.
If you prefer not to receive targeted advertising based on your use of Santander sites and
products, you can opt out of some network advertising programs that use your information. For
information about your choices to opt-out of targeted online advertising click here:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Please remember that even if you choose to opt out of targeted advertising, you may still see
advertisements when you are browsing online. However, the advertisements may be less relevant
to you and your interests.
Third Party Sites
We may provide links to third-party sites from our site. Please when you leave our site and visit
a third-party site, your visit is governed by the privacy policies and practices of that website, and
not Santander.
Security
We maintain commercially reasonable security measures to protect your personal information
collected through our site. We employ encryption technology, protecting data at each point of
transfer. Data is collected on our site using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) security. We utilize
redundant systems (i.e. backup systems) to reduce the chance of data loss. We also use computer
virus detection and eradication software on systems containing computer data. Firewalls are also
employed to prevent unauthorized computer entry into systems containing your personal
information.
Changes to this Policy:
This Policy is effective as of December 31, 2015. We may change this policy from time to time.
When we make changes to this policy, we will let you know via effective means such as posting
on our main webpage. Changes to this privacy policy are effective as soon as they are published
on this site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of our site, please contact us
here:
Chief Privacy Officer
Santander Bank
75 State Street
Boston, MA 02109