Personal Information Protection Policy
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. (hereafter “BTMU”), as a member of MUFG Group, believes it is our social responsibility to handle customer’s personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information properly under MUFG Group Corporate Vision. The following is our Personal Information Protection Policy. We intend to do our best to protect our customers’ personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information by ensuring that every executive and employee complies with this Policy.
1. 	BTMU will comply with laws and regulations regarding the proper handling of the customers' personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information.
2. 	BTMU will acquire personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information properly. BTMU will notify and/or disclose the purpose of such personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information to customers and will not use them beyond the disclosed purpose except as permitted by law. We will use Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information only within the purpose decided by law.
3. 	BTMU will educate all of its executives and employees so that they understand the importance of protecting personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information, and handle customers’ personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information properly.
4. 	BTMU will take necessary and appropriate measures to ensure the security of personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information and will endeavor to prevent improper access to, alteration, loss and/or leakage of personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information.
5. 	BTMU will not supply any personal information to third parties (including parties in BTMU) without the prior consent of the individual concerned, except as permitted by law. We will not supply Individual Numbers or Specific Personal Information to third parties (including parties in BTMU), except as permitted by law.
6. 	When outsourcing the handling of personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information to other institutions, BTMU will monitor the institutions concerned to ensure that appropriate measures are taken to protect customers’ personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information.
7. 	BTMU will establish procedures for correcting and disclosing personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information of customers. BTMU is also willing to receive opinions and inquiries regarding the handling of such personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information.
8. 	BTMU will continually review and improve its management systems to protect personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information.
This Policy applies to the handling of personal information, Individual Numbers and Specific Personal Information under Japanese law, particularly Act on the Protection of Personal Informationand and Act on the Use of Numbers to Identify a Specific Individual in the Administrative Procedure of Japan.