BMW Group Privacy Policy?
At BMW, your privacy is important to us. BMW take great care at all times to deal with all personal information in a compliant and confidential manner and expect all of our employees, BMW authorised dealers, brokers, contractors, business partners and service providers to comply with the Privacy Act 1993 and treat personal information accordingly.
This is BMW’s Privacy Policy for BMW New Zealand Limited and BMW Financial Services New Zealand Limited (BMW).
Privacy Policy: BMW recognises its responsibility, and is committed to, ensuring the privacy of your personal information. When you enter personal information into the Website in order to receive or use services the terms of this Privacy Policy will apply to that information.

Collection of Personal Information: You agree that BMW may collect information about you including information about your use of the Website and information you enter into the Website. BMW will treat all personal information it collects in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Changes to the Privacy Policy: BMW may, from time to time and in its sole discretion, modify, alter or otherwise change this Privacy Policy with or without notice to you. All such changes will be effective immediately upon the updating of the webpage on the site at which the privacy policy is contained. BMW will include the date of the Privacy Policy at the bottom of each page to help you identify whether or not the Privacy Policy has changed. You agree to check the privacy policy and be bound by the privacy policy that is in effect at the time at which you access the site. 

Collection and storage of personal information: You may browse and access information contained on the site without providing personally identifiable information. If you provide personally identifiable information (e.g. if you request a brochure, test drive or save the configuration of any vehicle) that personal information will be held in accordance with the requirements set out in the Privacy Act 1993. Your personal information may be held by BMW electronically or in hardcopy on BMW premises (in New Zealand or elsewhere) but in all cases BMW New Zealand Limited will control that information.
Use of the Information: BMW will use your personal information:
(a) for the purposes you provided it to BMW; 
(b) to send you email messages to market or promote BMW goods and services only if you have expressly signed up for the email updates on BMW’s Website, or have supplied your email address to us by other means for that purpose. The information collected by BMW for this purpose (including email addresses) will not be shared with other parties and you may unsubscribe to update emails at any time.

Related Entities: BMW may pass your personal information on to any BMW company or any BMW authorised dealer to use for the purposes described in clause 5 and on the condition that the BMW company or any BMW authorised dealer complies with this Privacy Policy
Third Parties: BMW will not release your personal information to any third party except where required to, permitted to by law, where you have authorised us to do so or where disclosure is connected to the purpose for which the information was collected.

Length of time Information will be held: If you are or have been a customer of any authorised BMW dealer your personal information will be used to update and will be held on BMW’s customer database. If you have never been a customer of any BMW authorised dealer your personal information will be held for twelve months and then deleted.
Access to, editing and deleting personal information: You may also ask us to correct, alter or delete any personal information that we hold about you by sending a written request to the address below. It is your responsibility to ensure that personal information provided to us is accurate. You can ask to see the personal information that we hold about you by sending a written request to:

The Privacy Officer
BMW New Zealand Limited
PO Box 9510
Newmarket 1149
Auckland
Cookies and Information Collected: Cookies are small files which are temporarily installed on your hard drive. This Website uses cookies solely to retrieve aggregate information to perform analyses of the characteristics and behaviours of Website users and in order to make improvements to the site. BMW uses cookies to keep track of their users’ preferences and thereby design the Website to best meet users’ requirements. This information is not used to identify individual Website users. Information collected using cookies includes non-personal information such as: 
(a) the Internet domain and IP address from which you are accessing the web site; 
(b) the browser and operating system you are using; 
(c) the date and time you access the site; 
(d) the pages you visit; and, 
(e) whether you arrived at the BMW Website via a link from another site and the address of such site.
Consent: By using this Website you consent to BMW’s collection and use of the information collected from cookies. However, you can prevent cookies from being saved on your hard drive by selecting the appropriate setting on your browser – simply follow your particular browser’s instructions. You may continue to use this Website even if you deactivate cookies, however deactivating cookies may mean that you might no longer be able to enjoy offers from BMW in their entirety.

Queries: If you have any further questions relating to this clause please contact the BMW’s Privacy Officer.