Accountability
At RBC, we are dedicated to ensuring your confidentiality by protecting the personal, business and financial information entrusted to us. That commitment is fundamental to the way we do business and is reflected in our privacy policies.

RBC has a Chief Privacy Officer who is responsible for overall privacy governance.  All of our employees across RBC are responsible to maintain your privacy and are available to address any questions or concerns you may have. 

The office of the RBC Chief Privacy Officer may be consulted by your branch representative, Client Care Centre and/or RBC Ombudsman in order to provide specific guidance as requested.

If you have questions regarding privacy, there are different ways for you to contact us.

General Questions: for questions regarding general privacy or security matters.
Make a Compliant or Feedback: to provide us with your general feedback.
What Information We Collect
Most of the information we collect is directly from you when you apply for a product or service, enter a contest, sign-up for special offers or complete a survey. We also collect financial and other information about you from a variety of sources including from: references you have provided to us, transactions you have made with or through us, credit reporting agencies, and other financial institutions.

When you request products or services, we will ask you to provide only the information that enables us to complete your request, to provide better service or to offer you products and services we believe you might be interested in.

Information About You
Other Information
Information About You
Information essential for fulfilling most financial requests and applications includes:

Information establishing your identity, such as your name, address, phone number, title, business phone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number or social security number (for tax purposes), and account numbers;

Information related to transactions arising from your relationship with and through us, and from other financial institutions;

Information you provide on an application for the provision of our products and services, such as your annual income, place of employment, investments, account balance, financial liabilities, transaction history;

Information about financial behaviour such as your payment history and credit worthiness.

Information about your health may be collected for insurance products and services.

Information pertaining to business clients will include your business name, address, phone number, email address, industry type, financial status and detail(s) on the owner(s), operator(s) and director(s).

Additional information may be requested to help us determine your eligibility for products and services that we offer.

Providing us with your information is always your choice. However, in dealings involving insurance and related financial services, your decision to withhold particular details may limit or prevent us from providing the products or services you have asked for. It may also make it more difficult for us to advise you or suggest appropriate alternatives.
How We Use Your Information
We use your personal and financial information for the purposes communicated to you in your agreement(s) with us, for example to:

Verify your identity;

Provide you with the financial products and services requested;

Communicate to you any benefit, feature and other information about products and services you have with us; 

Respond to any special needs or inquiries you may have;

Better understand your financial situation and determine your eligibility for products and services we offer;

Manage our risks and operations;

Meet regulatory and legal requirements.

If we have your social insurance number or social security number, we may use it for tax related purposes if you hold a product generating income and share it with the appropriate government agencies. We may also share it with credit reporting agencies as an aid to identify you.

Additional Uses
We may communicate with you through various channels including telephone, computer or mail using the contact information you have provided.

With your consent, we may use your information to promote our products and services and that of third parties we select, which we believe you will be interested in.

If you deal with multiple RBC companies (e.g. bank, investments, insurance etc), we may, where not prohibited by law, consolidate all information to better manage our business and the relationship we have with you.

If for any reason your information is required to fulfill a different purpose then that of your original intent, we ask for your consent before we proceed.

Note that sensitive information such as health records will never, under any circumstances, be shared or used for a purpose other then that of the original intent.
Sharing Your Information
Under certain circumstances, your personal information may be shared among RBC companies or other third parties.

RBC Companies
Sharing your personal and financial information among RBC companies, can allow us to help you achieve your financial goals. It's part of building and maintaining a positive relationship with you. We may use this information to better understand your financial needs and to promote products and services we believe may interest you.

This would only be done with your consent. We may communicate with you through various channels, including telephone, computer or mail, using the contact information you have provided. However, if you would prefer that we not share your information among our group of companies or if you do not wish to receive special offers promoting products and services, kindly let us know by following the instructions in Your Consent and Your Choices.

If you choose not to have your information shared, you will not be refused credit or other services, for that decision. We will respect your choice and may advise other RBC companies of your preference for the sole purpose of honoring your choices.

We may share your information with other RBC companies:

With your consent;
For the purposes of fraud or crime prevention, suppression or detection;
To enable RBC companies to meet global regulatory, legal, financial or other reporting obligations;
As permitted or required by law.
Our Employees
Access to your information is restricted to authorized employees who have a legitimate business purpose for accessing it. For example, when you call us, visit a branch, or email us, designated employees will access your information to verify that you are the account-holder and to assist you in fulfilling your financial requests.

Unauthorized access to and/or disclosure of client information by an employee of RBC is strictly prohibited. All employees are required to maintain the confidentiality of client information at all times and failing to do so will result in appropriate disciplinary measures, which may include dismissal.

Outside Service Suppliers
We may use service providers to perform specialized services on our behalf such as cheque-printing, research, marketing, mail distribution or data processing. Our service providers may at times be responsible for processing or handling personal information. They are provided only the information necessary to perform the services. In addition, we require them to protect the information in a manner that is consistent with our privacy policies and security practices.

In the event our service provider is located in a foreign jurisdiction they are bound by the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are located and may disclose personal information in accordance with those laws.

Other Third Parties
We are committed to keeping your personal information confidential. We will only share your information with other third parties as indicated under your account agreement and under the following special circumstances:

To respond to valid and authorized information requests from domestic and international authorities;
As permitted or required by law, to comply with laws, regulations, subpoena or court order;
To help prevent fraud;
To protect the personal safety of employees, clients or other third parties on RBC property.
Keeping Your Information Safe
Ensuring your confidentiality by protecting your personal and financial information is fundamental to the way we do business. This commitment extends to our online services and any new technologies we employ. Read more about:

Digital Channel Privacy
Digital Channel Privacy
PhotographRBC is proud to offer our clients, and those interested in becoming clients, a variety of ways to bank with us. Our belief is that clients should be able to select and use the channels that best meet their needs and lifestyle. Our digital channels provide clients with control and convenience and provide access to online and mobile services.


What information is collected and how is it used?
RBC collects information provided by you. RBC also collects or accesses information about your device through our digital channels, such as device model, unique device number, browser type, and IP address. Information about your device helps us improve the channel functionality, meet our clients’ needs, measure the effectiveness of our services, enhance security measures, and protect our clients.

Does RBC access information about your physical location?
RBC automatically collects information about your device’s approximate physical location for purposes such as validating your identity and the prevention, suppression, and/or detection of crime.

RBC may also access information about your device’s physical location in order to provide a particular service, for example; to locate a nearby ATM or RBC branch, or provide location-based advertising or offers. Access to location information is controlled by your device. Refer to your device documentation for instructions on allowing or blocking access to location information. If you choose to block location information, some services may not operate effectively.

Does RBC access other information on your device?
Some RBC services may access other information on your device, for example, accessing your contact list can make it easier to use Interac‡ e-Transfer banking services. Access to this information is controlled by your device. Refer to your device documentation for instructions on allowing or blocking access to this information. If you choose not to provide access to this information, some services may not operate effectively.

Click here for more details.

Will RBC share your information?
For the purposes stated above or as described within the digital channel, RBC may share the information collected with our employees or third parties acting as our service providers or agents. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information. We may also share the information collected with government agencies, public bodies, regulators or other entities where permitted or required by law.

Does RBC use cookies?
RBC may use cookies to monitor and improve your website experience. These cookies do not contain personal or financial information. They gather statistical data such as the average time spent on a specific webpage. This kind of information provides us with insight on how to improve the design, content and navigation of our digital channels. Your choice not to accept these cookies will not prohibit your use of the service or channel.

RBC may use cookies to customize advertising to your interests. These cookies identify when you visit specific RBC webpages and may be shared with third parties to customize RBC advertising on their websites. These cookies do not store personal or financial information about you, but may contain a unique identifier required by the process. Your choice not to accept these cookies will not prohibit your use of the service or channel.

RBC may use cookies as part of the functionality and security of a particular service. These cookies may include an encrypted persistent cookie installed on your device that contains information to help us verify you as our client and to help block unauthorized attempts to access your information through the channel. Your choice not to accept these cookies may prevent the service, or certain features within the service, from operating.

Please refer to the documentation for your browser or device regarding how to allow or refuse cookies.

Does RBC monitor traffic to and from RBC websites and services?
RBC may examine web and Internet-based traffic entering or leaving RBC for the purpose of ensuring the integrity of our services, capacity of our services, or to detect potential improper use of our systems. This examination is automated and your personal and financial information is kept secure during the process. We may engage service providers as part of this activity. Information obtained during this security process is not used for any other purpose.

Does RBC scan the emails you send us?
RBC may examine the emails you send us to detect viruses, malware or other computer threats that may be included in an email. Emails identified as potentially containing a computer threat may undergo further analysis and any personal or financial information contained in the email message may be incidentally accessed by individuals investigating and addressing the threat.

RBC also scans incoming and outgoing emails as required by law or regulation.

RBC does not scan email messages for the purpose of marketing or customizing your experiences.

How does RBC update our privacy policies?
The RBC Digital Channel Privacy policy is to be read together with and forms part of the RBC website Legal Terms of Use. Changes may be made to this policy by updating this posting. Please review this posting regularly. Your continued access to or use of RBC digital channels will mean that you agree to any changes to this policy.

How We Protect You

How RBC Helps to Protect You Against Fraud.
We believe that working together is the best way to safeguard against financial fraud. We have a team of dedicated fraud experts working 24/7 to prevent, detect and investigate fraud and we work closely with industry associations, government and law enforcement. We invest in emerging and new technologies and maintain rigorous security procedures to ensure that you can enjoy doing business with us in a safe and secure environment.

We build fraud prevention measures into our due diligence process and regularly upgrade our fraud detection/prevention systems.

Fraud detection and prevention activities are part of our normal business activities.

Although technologies can make it easier for fraud to occur, we employ around the clock sophisticated monitoring systems and controls to detect and prevent fraudulent activity.

We may proactively contact you directly or via automated call to alert you or to confirm the legitimacy of certain account transactions. You can identify yourself and access an alert delivered via an automated call using your postal code or date of birth. If you feel uncomfortable with automated call authentication, discontinue the call and call us back using a published telephone number or the caller display number that you have independently verified as valid, prior to providing any information.
Keeping Your Information Accurate
We do the utmost to ensure the information we have about you is accurate and complete. As we make decisions based on the information we have, we encourage you to help us keep our information current. Contact us at any time if you wish to verify the accuracy or update the information we have about you.
Your Right to Access Your Personal Information
In the normal course of business, you receive periodic access to information in the form of transaction activity records, including account statements and trade confirmations. This information is routinely available to you through mailings, secure online sites and telephone banking.

If you want to verify the accuracy of other personal information we hold about you, you may submit a written request to your branch or office where you do business to obtain access to such information. To avoid delays in obtaining your information, please provide sufficient detail to permit us to identify you and the specific information that you are requesting.

Please note that there may be instances where access may be restricted as permitted or required by law. Examples may include information that is subject to legal privilege, information containing confidential commercial information and information relating to a third party. If applicable, we will advise you of the reasons for restricting access subject to any legal or regulatory limitations.

If you have any questions about our privacy policies and how they relate to you please contact us.
Your Consent and Your Choices
You are always in control of your personal information. If you do not wish to receive promotional materials from us or you do not want your personal information shared with other RBC companies, simply:

Contact your nearest branch
Call us at 1-800-769-2511
TDD/TTY Users (teletypewriter for the Hearing Impaired)

Call 1-800-661-1275
Business Clients

Call 1-800-769-2511
RBC Insurance:

Home & Auto Insurance 1-800-ROYAL-26
Life & Health Insurance 1-800-663-0417
Travel HealthProtector 1-800-464-3211