This site is provided by Shanghai Pudong Development Bank, for the purpose of providing information only. 
  Right to use this website shall be granted by the Shanghai Pudong Development Bank, according to the following criteria. Please read these terms, if you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site or download materials from this website. 
  1, any content presented on this website, whether trademark, design, text, images and any other information without special note is the copyrighted Shanghai Pudong Development Bank all. 
  2, the site marked out the "copyright" is the Shanghai Pudong Development Bank for the entire site logo logo, site design, site architecture and site independent design, preparation, production of content and images with independent copyright notice permissions. 
  3, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank jointly own all intellectual property rights for their development or co-development and others all content and services owned or with partners, protected by intellectual property laws relating to copyright, trademarks, service marks, patents, proprietary rights protection. 
  4, network services Shanghai Pudong Development Bank include: text, software, pictures, graphics, the entire contents of the advertisement; as well as other information about Shanghai Pudong Development Bank to provide users. All these elements are protected by the above-mentioned laws. 
  5, various information and computing interest rates within this website for reference, should be based on the Bank's local branch announced prevail. 
  6, without the express written permission of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank, a person may not be copied or mirrored on the server. 
  7, please visit the ICBC website directly enter the URL to log, it is recommended to add the Shanghai Pudong Development Bank's website address into the browser's "Favorites" Do not be accessed indirectly via hyperlinks unknown. 
  Shanghai Pudong Development Bank website address: http: //www.spdb.com.cn 
  8, for the present site linked to this site and all information and materials contained in the web site, including text, graphics, links or other items, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank does not guarantee the accuracy of this information and materials, adequacy, reliability or completeness and expressly disclaims respect of such information and material error or omission directly or indirectly bear responsibility in any form; for information and does not make any kind of material (by default, either express or statutory), including, (but are not limited to) not related to infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose and no computer virus. 
  9, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank shall not be responsible for any damages, whether or not the damage due to the use, you can not use the results of this web site, any site connected to Web sites or any information contained in such sites caused (including, but not limited to lost profits, lost data or business interruption caused by damage), regardless of whether they have warranty, contract, tort or any other legal basis in advance and has got the news of such damage may occur. If you use this site for information leading to the need for equipment or data maintenance, repair or correction, you must also bear all the costs arising therefrom.
  10, in any case, Shanghai Pudong Development Bank for the use of or inability to use the content of this site or any linked web site, information function for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or other losses related to (including but not limited to, any loss of profits, business interruption and loss of your information processing system of information or programs or other data) is not liable to any organization, even if the Shanghai Pudong development Bank is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.