PRIVACY POLICY

Throughout this privacy policy, Sanofi uses the term "personal data" to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that individual. Information that has been anonymised so that it does not identify a specific person is not personal data.

This privacy policy describes the ways Sanofi collects, stores, uses and protects your personal data. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how Sanofi will collect, use, store and manage it.

By visiting www.sanofi.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the data practices described in this privacy policy. Sanofi may amend this privacy policy at any time by posting a revised version on this website. The revised version will be effective at the time Sanofi posts it.

For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 ("Act") the data controller is AVENTIS PHARMA LIMITED trading as Sanofi of 1 Onslow Street, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 4YS.

Personal data collected by Sanofi

When you visit this Sanofi website, Sanofi may collect the following personal data:

Personal data you provide to Sanofi – You may give Sanofi personal data by filling in forms on Sanofi’s website or by corresponding with Sanofi by phone, email or otherwise. This includes, for example, information you provide when you register to use any of the features of Sanofi’s website, subscribe to any of Sanofi’s services, or report adverse events. This personal data includes for example your name, address, e-mail address, and phone number.
Personal data Sanofi collects from you – When you visit this Sanofi website, Sanofi will automatically collect the following personal data:
technical information, including Internet Protocol ("IP") address, your log-in information, browser type and version, plug-ins, time zone setting, and operating system,
information about your visit, including the pages you access before, during and after your visit to Sanofi’s websites (including dates and time), your activities on Sanofi’s website, page response times, length of visit to certain pages, and page interaction information.
Cookies policy

Cookies – what are they?
A "cookie" is a small text file that’s stored on your computer, tablet or phone when you visit a website. A cookie will contain some anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits and numbers.

Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser. These are known as session cookies. Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache. These are called persistent cookies and they enable us to remember things about you as a returning visitor.

To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org

What to do if you don’t want cookies to be set
Some people find the idea of a website storing information on their computer or mobile device a bit intrusive, particularly when this information is stored and used by a third party without them knowing. Although this is generally quite harmless you may not, for example, want to see advertising that has been targeted to your interests. If you prefer, it is possible to block some or all cookies or even to delete cookies that have already been set; but you need to be aware that you might lose some functions of that website.

How we use cookies
On this site, Persistent cookies are used. Persistent cookies are used to track visitor behaviour as they move around a site, and this data is used to try and understand what people do and don't like about a site so it can be improved. This practice is known as Web Analytics. Since Google started providing its own analytics technology free of charge to website owners, almost all websites use some form of it - although there are also paid-for services available to rival Google's.

Analytics cookies are probably the most common form of persistent cookies in use today.