Privacy Notice

United Technologies Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “UTC”) are responsible for this website and are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to this website. UTC has implemented technical, administrative, and physical measures to safeguard any personal information that we may collect.

What personal information does UTC collect?
UTC monitors user traffic patterns throughout the website according to a user's domain name, browser type, date and time of access, and pages viewed. This information is collected in order to measure the number of visitors to our website and to determine which areas users find useful based upon the traffic to particular areas. UTC uses this information to enhance visitors’ experience and to better prepare future content based on the interests of visitors.

A visitor to our website may be asked to provide personal information to receive a response or some other service from UTC. The personal information that you may be requested to provide includes your name, email address, and any information that you choose to provide. The collection of information will be transparent to you – you will be asked for it and will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to provide it. If you choose not to provide any of the personal information requested, UTC may be unable to complete the transaction you have requested.

How does UTC use the personal information it collects?
Any personal information collected will only be used to:

provide investor services;
provide the information, item, or service you have requested;
communicate with you about products, services, and events relating to UTC;
improve our products, services, and websites;
evaluate your interest in and/or allow you to apply for employment with UTC;
verify your identity to ensure security for one of the other purposes listed here
respond to a legitimate legal request from law enforcement authorities or other government regulators;
investigate suspected or actual illegal activity;
support the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including through bankruptcy); and/or
conduct investigations to ensure compliance with, and comply with, legal obligations.

Because UTC is a global company with locations in many different countries, we may transfer your information from one legal entity to another or from one country to another in order to accomplish the purposes listed above. We will transfer your personal information consistent with applicable legal requirements and only to the extent necessary. If you do not want your information transferred to other legal entities or transnationally, including to countries that may not have been deemed “adequate” by the European Union, please do not provide us with your personal information. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we will treat that action as consent to transferring your personal information to other companies and other countries as described in this notice. Where applicable, UTC transfers data pursuant to its certification under the European Union and Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks.

Does UTC use your personal information to contact you?
UTC does not use the personal information collected on this website to contact you.

Does UTC share the information it collects with any third parties?
UTC will not sell or otherwise share your personal information outside the UTC group of companies, except to:

service providers UTC has retained to perform services on our behalf. UTC will only share your personal information with service providers whom UTC has contractually restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements;
comply with legal obligations, including but not limited to in response to a legitimate legal request from law enforcement authorities or other government regulators;
investigate suspected or actual illegal activity;
prevent physical harm or financial loss; or
support the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including through bankruptcy).

How does UTC use cookies or other tracking technologies?
UTC may use cookies on this website. Cookies are small text files sent to and stored on users’ computers that allow websites to recognize repeat users, facilitate users’ access to websites, and allow websites to compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies do not damage users’ computers or files. If you do not want cookies to be accessible by this or any other UTC website, you should adjust the settings on your browser program to deny or disable the use of cookies.

This website may also use web beacons. A web beacon is usually a pixel on a website that can be used to track whether a user has visited a particular website to deliver targeted advertising. Web beacons are used in combination with cookies, which means that, if you turn off your browser's cookies, the web beacons will not be able to track your activity. The web beacon will still account for an anonymous visit, but your unique information will not be recorded. United Technologies may also use cookies and similar technology placed by one of our business partners to enable UTC to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. With these cookies and similar technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. For more information about cookies and other tracking technologies, click here.

What should you understand about the third-party links that may appear on this website?
In some instances, UTC may provide links to non-UTC controlled websites, which UTC will make reasonable efforts to identify as such. UTC does not control such third-party websites, however, and cannot be responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other websites.

What additional information should website users in California know?
As defined by California’s “Shine the Light Law, California residents may annually request and obtain information that is shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing use within the prior calendar year. UTC does not share your personal information with other businesses for their own direct marketing use.

If you have provided your Social Security Number to UTC in the course of business dealings, what additional information should you know?
UTC does not collect Social Security Numbers through www.utc.com. UTC does, however, collect Social Security Numbers where required by law, such as tax and payroll purposes for its employees. When UTC collects and/or uses Social Security Numbers, UTC will take proper care by protecting confidentiality, limiting collection, ensuring access on a need-to-know basis, implementing appropriate technical safeguards, and ensuring proper disposal.

How might UTC change this policy?
As UTC expands and improves this website, we may need to update this policy. This policy may be modified from time to time without prior notice. We encourage you to review this policy on a regular basis for any changes. Substantive changes will be identified at the top of the policy.

How can you contact UTC?
If you have any comments or questions or if there are other things we can do to maximize the value of this website to you, please email communications@utc.com. If you have questions about UTC’s privacy practices in general, please email privacy.compliance@utc.com.