Privacy Policy Statement
China CITIC Bank International Limited (the “Bank”) is committed to protecting the privacy,
confidentiality and security of the personal data we hold by complying with the requirements of
Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (the “Ordinance”) with respect to the management of
personal data. We are equally committed to ensuring that all our employees and agents uphold
these obligations. The purpose of this Privacy Policy Statement is to set out the policies and
practices of the Bank's commitment to protecting personal data privacy in accordance with the
provisions of the Ordinance.
Personal Data Held by the Bank
Generally speaking, the Bank holds two broad categories of personal data.
1. Personal data of customers
Customers are required to supply the Bank with personal data from time to time:
? for the opening or operations of accounts, the provision or continuation of banking
facilities or provision of products or services offered by or through the Bank (which
include credit card, securities, commodities, investment, banking and related services
and products and facilities); and/ or
? in the ordinary course of the Bank serving customers, for instance, when the
customers issue cheques, deposit money, effect transactions through credit cards
issued or serviced by the Bank or generally communicate verbally or in writing with
the Bank.
2. Personal Data of Staff
Staff records, which include but are not limited to the name, phone number(s),
address(es), email address(es), date of birth, nationality, identity card and / or passport
numbers, application forms, references, appraisal and disciplinary records, remuneration
details and curriculum vitae of the staff.
Purposes of Keeping Personal Data
1. In relation to the customers:
The personal data relating to customers may be used for the following purposes:-
a. the daily operation of the banking facilities or services provided to customers;
b. conducting credit checks at the time of application for banking services or banking
facilities and at the time of regular or special reviews which normally will take place
one or more times each year;
c. creating and maintaining the Bank’s credit scoring models;
d. assisting other financial institutions, credit or charge card issuers or credit reference
agencies to conduct credit checks and collect debts;
e. ensuring ongoing credit worthiness of customers;
f. designing financial services or related products for customers' use;
g. identifying and formulating servicing strategies for customers’ use;
h. marketing services, products and other subjects (please see further details in the
Bank’s Notice to Customers and Other Individuals Relating to the Personal Data
(Privacy) Ordinance and the Code of Practice on Consumer Credit Data (“Notice”)
i. determining the amount of indebtedness owed to or by customers;
j. collection of amounts outstanding from customers and those providing security for
customers' obligations;
k. satisfying or complying with any obligations, requirements or arrangements for
disclosing and using data that apply to the Bank, any other member of the Group(which should, for the purpose of this Statement, include the Bank, any subsidiary
undertaking of the Bank and/or any of their respective associated or affiliate
undertakings, any direct or indirect parent undertaking of the Bank, any subsidiary
undertaking of any such parent undertaking and/or any of their respective associated
or affiliate undertakings, including, for the avoidance of doubt, undertakings within the
group of CITIC Group Corporation) and/or any of their respective branches or offices
or that it is expected to satisfy or comply according to:
i) any laws, rules or regulations binding on or applying to the Bank, any other
member of the Group and/or any of their respective branches or offices, within
or outside Hong Kong, existing currently and in the future;
ii) any notifications, directives, guidelines or guidance given or issued by or
agreement with any legal, regulatory, governmental, tax, law enforcement or
other authorities, or self-regulatory or industry bodies or associations of
financial services providers with which the Bank, any other member of the
Group and/or any of their respective branches or offices is/are obliged, required,
advised, recommended or expected to comply, within or outside Hong Kong,
existing currently and in the future;
iii) any present or future contractual or other commitment with local or foreign legal,
regulatory, supervisory, governmental, tax, law enforcement or other authorities,
or self-regulatory or industry bodies or associations of financial services
providers that is assumed by or imposed on the Bank, any other member of the
Group and/or any of their respective branches or offices by reason of its
financial, commercial, business or other interests or activities in or related to the
jurisdiction of the relevant local or foreign legal, regulatory, supervisory,
governmental, tax, law enforcement or other authority, or self-regulatory or
industry bodies or associations,
including but not limited to making disclosure to any relevant supervisory, regulatory,
tax or other governing authorities having jurisdiction over or having contractual
agreement or other form of agreement with the Bank, any other member of the Group
and/or any of their respective branches or offices;
l. complying with any obligations, requirements, policies, procedures, measures or
arrangements for sharing data and information within the Group and/or any other use
of data and information in accordance with any group-wide programmes for
compliance with sanctions or prevention or detection of money laundering, terrorist
financing or other unlawful activities;
m. facilitating consolidated supervision of the Group, including but not limited to the
conduct of internal audit and the performance of risk management;
n. enabling an actual or proposed assignee of the Bank, or participant or sub-participant
of the Bank's rights in respect of the customer to evaluate the transaction intended to
be the subject of the assignment, participation or sub-participant;
o. maintaining a credit history of customers (whether or not there exists any relationship
between the customer and the Bank or the recipient of the data) for present and
future reference; and
p. all other incidental and associated purposes directly relating thereto and other
purposes to which the customers may from time to time agree.
2. In relation to the staff :
The personal data relating to staff may be used by the Bank for the following purposes:
a. processing employment application; b. performing and providing reference and background check;
c. reviewing, determining and administering salaries, bonuses and any other benefits
should be employed;
d. appraising job performance, consideration of promotion, training, secondment,
transfer and career development;
e. consideration of eligibility for staff loans, other benefits and entitlements;
f. monitoring compliance with the internal rules of the Bank; and
g. any other purposes directly or indirectly relating to the compliance by the Bank or any
of the employment or statutory obligations.
Collection of Personal Data
1. In relation to the collection of personal data, the Bank will inform customer and staff the
purpose of collection, classes of persons to whom the data may be transferred, their
rights to access and correct the data and other relevant information. The Bank will
provide the customer with the Notice.
2. In order to improve the Bank’s Internet services to you, the Bank will occasionally use a
“cookie” and/or other similar files or programs which may place certain information on
your computer’s hard drive when you visit our website. Cookies are commonly used by
websites to improve user experience and have not been known to transmit computer
viruses or otherwise harm your computer. Many cookies last only through a single
session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer
until you delete them.
The Bank may use cookies to temporarily identify your device after you have logged in to
a secure page on the Bank’s website so that the Bank’s web server can maintain a
dialogue with your web browser in order for you to carry out certain activities. Cookies will
be expired upon logging off. No information is stored in this type of cookie.
In addition to the information the Bank collects from cookies, the Bank also obtains
information that you provide to the Bank online when you are doing your online banking
with the Bank.
Cookies do not enable the Bank to gather personal data about you (like name, address
and other personal data) unless you give the information to the Bank’s server. Most
Internet browser software allows the blocking of all cookies or enables you to receive a
warning before a cookie is stored. You may vary the Internet browser settings in case you
would like to prohibit the using of cookies. However, you may not have access into certain
parts of this website after variation of cookies settings, including online banking services.
Security of Personal Data
1. The Bank will strive at all times to protect the personal data by restricting access to
authorized personnel on a need-to-know basis, providing secure data storage facilities
and incorporating security measures into equipment in which data is held.
2. All information transmitted via China CITIC Bank International i-banking is protected by
proper encryption which could prevent unauthorized users from reading the information.
3. If the Bank engages data processors to handle or process personal data on the Bank’s
behalf (whether within or outside Hong Kong), the Bank would adopt contractual or other
means to prevent unauthorized or accidental access, processing, erasure, loss or use of
the data transferred to the data processors for processing. Retention of Personal Data
The personal data provided by the customers and/or the staff will not be kept longer than
necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes for which the personal data are or are to be used at
the time of the collection and for compliance with the legal, regulatory and accounting
requirements from time to time.
Disclosure of Personal Data
The personal data would not be disclosed to other parties unless such disclosure is made in
accordance with the Notice and/or the disclosure is permitted or required by any law binding on
the Bank.
Data Breach Handling
The Bank will ensure any material breaches of personal data protection requirements, loss or
leakage of customer data is properly and timely handled and reported to the appropriate
authorities when appropriate.
Revision of Privacy Policy Statement
The contents of this Statement are subject to review and may be amended from time to time.
Please approach the Bank and/or visit the Bank’s website regularly for the Bank’s latest
Statement.
Data Access Requests and Data Correction Requests
1. The Bank would comply with and process all data access and correction requests in
accordance with the provisions of the Ordinance.
2. The Bank may impose a reasonable fee for complying with a data access request in
accordance with the Ordinance.
3. Requests for access to data or correction of data or for information regarding policies and
practices and kinds of data held are to be addressed as follows:
The Data Protection Officer
China CITIC Bank International Limited
18th Floor, Devon House, Taikoo Place, Quarry Bay,
Hong Kong.
Fax: 2258 2615
Should there be any inconsistencies between the English and Chinese versions, the English
version shall prevail.