To execute the primary functions and provide the services intended, Informer Technologies, Inc., needs to collect some personal information about its clients. You may, however, rest assured that Informer Technologies, Inc. respects your privacy and grants confidentiality for your personal data collected while working with your profiles.

Informer Technologies, Inc. collects and stores only the data explicitly provided by the users while making use of the Services, i.e. personal data specified in the user profile, network settings, cookies. If you use any of our client applications or other software developed by Informer Technologies, Inc or its subsidiaries and agents, the following information may also be collected: information about your operating system, the list of programs installed on it together with their version numbers, names of respective developers and program icons.

Informer Technologies, Inc respects the privacy concerns of its users and offers an opportunity to inspect the information that is collected and stored by the Service. The users' profiles include tools and options for hiding information visible on their profiles.

Informer Technologies, Inc. uses personal data about its users only for the purpose of providing the Services intended.

Please rest assured that Informer Technologies, Inc. does not provide the obtained information to third parties, and takes all reasonable measures to guarantee the safety and security of the user information. You need to acknowledge, however, that, although Informer Technologies, Inc. does its best to protect your personal data, the company cannot pledge its absolute safety. The reason for it is that whenever you publicly disclose information on the company's websites (leave comments and keep your profile open to the public), that information can easily be seen, collected or used by other users of the Services or any other unauthorized persons. To avoid any misunderstanding, Informer Technologies, Inc. prompts you to explore your profile's settings and carefully track and inspect your Submissions.

If you still believe that your personal information was disclosed due to the fault or negligence of Informer Technologies, Inc., please contact us immediately.