
Pinballcorp.com Privacy Policy

Pinball Corporation Privacy Policy
(Last Revised January 23, 2012)

At Pinball Corporation, we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to any Web site ("Web site") that references this Policy and is provided by Pinball Corporation or its affiliates ("we" or "Pinball Corporation"), and to those Pinball Corporation-owned software products made available to you from a Web site ("Software") (please see below for important information on third party software products made available from the Web sites). This Privacy Policy governs information you provide to us or that we learn from you by your use of our Web sites and Software, and tells you how we may collect, use, and, in some instances, share this information.
What We Collect and Use

Cookies.
By accessing any Web site, Pinball Corporation may place either a standard HTML cookie ("Cookie") or an Adobe Systems Incorporated Flash cookie, sometimes called a local shared object ("Flash Cookie"), on your hard drive. Pinball Corporation uses both standard HTML and Flash cookies to enable you to access content, sign in to certain services and to help personalize your online experience.
A standard Cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. Pinball Corporation uses Cookies to assist you with your session on a Web site and improve the sign-in experience on certain Web sites. Your user ID may be stored in a Cookie that will remain on your computer after you terminate your session. This Cookie allows your user ID to be pre-populated, so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in. Pinball Corporation may also place a Cookie on your hard disk on behalf of a sponsor when an advertisement for that sponsor is shown, so that the sponsor can measure the effectiveness of that advertisement. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies can only be accessed or read by the domain that placed them. You have the ability to accept or decline Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline Cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline Cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use certain features of a Web site that depend on Cookies. A Flash Cookie is a data file created on your computer by the sites you visit. Flash Cookies, by themselves, cannot do anything to or with the data on your computer. More importantly, Flash Cookies can never access or remember your e-mail address or other personal information unless you willingly provide such information. Pinball Corporation does not ask you to share your email address or other personal information, nor does it collect nor store any Personally Identifying Information (PII) in Flash Cookies. You can manage, delete and decline Flash Cookies through the Website Storage Settings panel of the Settings Manager in Adobe Flash Player. You can configure individual website storage and delete stored data. Instructions are provided at the Adobe Flash Player knowledgebase, found here: more informations
Pinball Corporation does not use Flash Cookies to track your web browsing behavior or serve you targeted advertising based on your web browsing behavior.

User-Provided Information.
In order to utilize the services at some Web sites you may be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information, such as account information (user name and password), credit card information (card type, account number, expiration date, and billing address), banking information (Swift/ABA routing number, account number, bank name and address), PayPal email, email address, IM user ID, name and company name, tax identification number, and home or work address and telephone number, as well as certain demographic information such as city, state, country and zip code ("PII"). Pinball Corporation uses your PII to deliver the services you have requested and to communicate with you, including certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Pinball Corporation. All such information is provided voluntarily by you. If you provide a friend’s email address to Pinball Corporation for the "refer-a-friend" feature, we use that email address only for the purpose of sending your friend the email you requested. No PII is utilized by Pinball Corporation for the purpose of displaying advertisements or for profiling. Pinball Corporation does not sell, rent or lease PII to third parties.

Software.
In order to use Software, you may be asked to provide certain information. For messenger Software products, requested information may include IM account information (screen names and passwords) and personal information (including your email address, date of birth, gender, and primary language). For desktop tool Software products, requested information may include your astrological sign, zip code, TV service provider, type of service, and channel line-up. All such information is provided voluntarily by you. No such information is utilized by Pinball Corporation for the purpose of displaying advertisements or profiling. Pinball Corporation does not sell, rent or lease such information to third parties.
Our Software product automatically collects information from you to enable the Software’s services. By installing the Software, you authorize Pinball Corporation to periodically collect certain information (1) (e.g., keywords and portions of Web site addresses or complete URLs) from the Web sites you visit and upload this information to our servers so that we may display targeted advertisements to you while you are connected to the Internet; and (2) (e.g., button impressions and clicks) from the Toolbar products in your web browser and/or email application and upload this information to our servers so that we may enhance the content offered to you. The Software does not collect, store, or use PII, and Pinball Corporation does not receive PII, as a result of your use of this Software.

Third Party Software.
Included with the Software may be third party software from a Pinball Corporation partner. Your registration for and use of any third party software is subject to that third party’s privacy policy, if any. If you register for or use third party software, both Pinball Corporation and the third party software provider will receive any information collected by Pinball Corporation in conjunction with your registration, and Pinball Corporation’s use of your information is subject to this Privacy Policy. To determine how a Pinball Corporation partner may use your registration information, or may otherwise independently be collecting other information through your use of third party software, please refer to the third party software provider’s privacy policy.

No Information from Minors.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this Web site or Software.

IP Addresses.
Your use of any Software or Web site will involve the transmission of your Internet protocol address ("IP Address") to Pinball Corporation's servers. This IP Address is necessary for communication with you via the Internet and may be used and stored on our servers. We use IP Addresses to determine the general geographic locations of our users; we do not link IP addresses to identify you personally for marketing purposes. Pinball Corporation does not share non-PII (pseudonymous) information with third parties.

Third Party Collection.
The Software will display to you targeted Web sites and/or advertisements that are hosted by third parties ("Third Party Hosted Advertisements"). These Third Party Hosted Advertisements may place cookies on your hard drive and use the cookies to tailor delivery of content to you by profiling your use of a site or advertisements that you select. These Third Party Hosted Advertisements may collect information such as your IP address, your browser type and the date and time that the targeted Third Party Hosted Advertisement was served to you. To learn about how certain of these third parties collect and use information visit http://www.networkadvertising.org.

Disclosure.
Pinball Corporation may disclose your information as it believes is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation, or other governmental authority, or to prevent harm to yourself or others. Pinball Corporation may also disclose your information upon a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of Pinball Corporation's stock or assets in Pinball Corporation's line of business to which this Privacy Policy relates or upon any other corporate reorganization.

Control of your Personal Information.
Pinball Corporation offers you choices for the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information. You may choose not to receive marketing materials from Pinball Corporation, and you may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Pinball Corporation by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive. These communications choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain Pinball Corporation services, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the service. You may have the ability to view or edit your personal information, and can either do so through the applicable Web site or by writing to us using our Contact Us form. We will contact you within 30 days regarding your request.

Linking to Other Sites.
A link on a Web site or on a Third Party Web site does not imply Pinball Corporation’s endorsement of such linked Web site, advertiser, or product. We do not necessarily control the Web sites to which we link and, in any event, assume no responsibility for their content or privacy policies. Any information that you provide to linked Web sites, or other third parties, is provided directly to such third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. Therefore, you should carefully review the privacy policies that apply to any Web sites you access from a Web site or Software, and any advertisers you respond to. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Pinball Corporation.

Changes and Updates.
Pinball Corporation reserves the right to change the provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Pinball Corporation will post those changes on the privacy page of each Web site so you can be aware of what information we collect and how we use it. Your use of a Web site or Software following the posting of any change to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any such changes. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy frequently to make sure that you understand how Pinball Corporation collects, uses, and discloses information.

Contact Us.
If you have any questions about Pinball Corporation, you may email us at contactpinball@pinballcorp.com.
