Arbor's Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy is very important to us. We recognize that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. We believe this information should only be used to help us provide you with better service. We do not sell or rent the information you provide to us online to third parties.

Collection of Personal Information
When you visit our web site and access information you remain anonymous. However, when you engage in certain activities on this site, such as requesting product information, downloading software, or entering contests, Arbor may ask you to provide certain information about yourself such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and other personal identifying information.

When you submit personal information to Arbor, you understand and agree that Arbor and its partners and trusted vendors may transfer, store, and process your customer profile in any of the countries in which Arbor conducts business, including without limitation, the United States.

Arbor collects this information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you order a product, for example, the information is used to register your license and rights, if any, to technical support, upgrade discounts, or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. If you enter a contest, information is collected to qualify the entry and contact you regarding the contest or prize awards. Arbor also uses information that you provide as part of our effort to keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other Arbor products and services.

Protecting Your Privacy
We will take appropriate steps to protect your privacy. We will also take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information in storage. For example, access to personally identifiable information is limited to individuals needing such access to perform their job function.

Your Feedback
If you wish to remove your personal information from our marketing files, modify your personal information or comment on our privacy policy, please send an e-mail to privacy@arbor.net with the following subject line:

"Remove" - to remove your personal information from Arbor's marketing database. Please provide your name, address and email address so we are sure to remove the correct information.

"Modify Personal Data" - to modify your personal data. Please include the previous information and your modifications in the body of the e-mail.

"Comment on Privacy Policy" - to give Arbor feedback on its privacy policy

Arbor welcomes comments and questions on this policy. We are dedicated to protecting your personal information and will make every reasonable effort to keep that information secure. Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this policy. All revisions will be posted to this site.

(effective date: 10/27/04)

Addendum (effective 5/15/2007)

Arbor Networks currently uses pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick. With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.

For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy.