Terms of Service and Privacy

General Website Terms and Conditions of Use

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. These terms and conditions of use may be changed in the future without further notice. Further, these terms and conditions apply exclusively to your access to, and use of, this website and do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Site Owner for products, services or otherwise.

Technical questions or comments about the Site Owner website may be directed to the Site Owner Webmaster as listed on the Contact page.

Site Owner reserves the right to make changes and corrections at any time, without notice.

Copyright. Except as otherwise indicated, all website materials, including but not limited to design, text, graphics, other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof, are the copyright property of Site Owner, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may electronically copy and print hard-copy excerpts of this website (and materials here) only for non-commercial personal use, or non-commercial use within the organization that employs you, provided that the materials are not modified and all copyright or proprietary notices are retained. Any other use of the materials in this website-including any commercial use, reproduction for purposes other than described above, modification, distribution, republication, display, or performance-without the prior written permission of Site Owner is strictly prohibited.

Hyperlinks. Site Owner makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature or reliability of websites accessible by hyperlink from this website, or websites linking to this website.

Commercial Use Not Permitted. No commercial use of the information on or under this website is licensed or permitted. For example, The use of automated systems (e.g., robots, spiders, or other information scrapers) to access, acquire or download information on this website is expressly prohibited where such systems are employed in connection with commercial objectives, or in a fashion that directly or indirectly violates the privacy interests of any individual.

Disclaimer. THIS WEBSITE AND THE MATERIALS UNDER THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. SITE OWNER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. SITE OWNER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN THIS WEBSITE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR-FREE. SITE OWNER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

Site Owner reserves the right to change any and all content contained on this website at any time without notice. Reference to any products, services, processes, or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by Site Owner.

Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL SITE OWNER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, THIS WEBSITE.

Applicable Law. The laws of the state of Maine shall govern the construction and interpretation of the these Terms and Conditions and the rights of the parties hereunder. By accessing this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and by all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. Export control laws and regulations. Visitors who do not agree with these Terms and Conditions should not access this website.

Termination. Notwithstanding any of these Terms and Conditions, Site Owner reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use this website, and to block or prevent future access to and use of this website.

Severability. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.

Changes to these Terms. Site Owner reserves the right to change, modify, or update these terms and conditions of use, at any time without notice.

Privacy

Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting it. We collect certain types of information about visitors to our website(s), and here is an explanation about the types of information we gather and what we do with it.

Information Collected

Site Owner collects identifying information from users: personal data (such as names and e-mail addresses); and aggregated data (such as information about traffic patterns on our website(s), for example how many users visit our websites on a daily basis.

Personal Data

Personal data is collected when users voluntarily provide such information to Site Owner, for example in registering for electronic newsletters or other membership services, in answering surveys, and registering for audio conferences, seminars and other promotional, instructional or informational opportunities provided Site Owner.

Aggregated Information

Aggregated information, such as which pages users access or visit and information volunteered by users, such as survey information and/or site registrations, is collected through various methods. For example, Site Owner collects IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever one surfs the Internet. Web servers, the computers that “serve up” Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address, and when you request a page from Site Owner, our servers log your IP address. Site Owner does not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, so although your session will be logged, you will remain anonymous to us.

Use of Cookies

Site Owner may use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that most major Web sites write to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit them. Cookies allow Site Owner to measure activity on our websites to improve your user experience.

Use of Information

Site Owner uses both the personal and aggregated information we collect for multiple purposes. The information is used to improve content on our websites, to customize the content and/or layout of our websites for each individual user and to notify users about website updates or promotional offers or announcements we believe will be of interest to you.

Site Owner may also share information with affiliates for internal business purposes and may divulge personal information if such information is subpoenaed, or if Site Owner believes that any user has committed unlawful acts, to acts that endanger the health or safety of another user or of the general public. In some situations, we will share your personal information, on a confidential basis, with third parties who perform a particular service on our behalf, such as sending e-mails. Also, Site Owner may be sold or transferred to another entity. Should such an event occur, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.

Links to Other Sites

It is important to note that Site Owner may contain links to other sites and that those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as Site Owner. For instance, if you click on a link, it may take you away from the Site Owner website and to an entirely different site. This can include links from content providers, authors, and partners. These sites may send their own cookies to you, and may collect data and make uses of it that Site Owner would not.

The use of any information or materials that you may access at these external sites is purely voluntary. You should not rely on their contents without independent and thorough review of the accuracy, completeness, effectiveness, timeliness and correct sequencing. These external sites may also refer to specific commercial products, processes, or services by trade name, trademark, service mark, manufacturer or otherwise. Unless Site Owner has provided specific authority, such references in no way indicate our endorsement, recommendation or preference. This section should be read in conjunction with the full “Terms of Service”, on this site
.
Additional Information

No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of Site Owner to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your personal information, Site Owner cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.

Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall Site Owner be liable for any special, incidental or consequential damages that result from the use of information or materials on its website(s), even if Site Owner or an authorized representative of Site Owner has been advised of the possibility of such damages. This section also should be read in conjunction with the full “Terms of Service”.

Webmaster
TopResults.com
P.O. Box 10454
Portland, ME 04102

Please direct any questions or comments regarding these policies to Site Owner.
