
Conduit-Powered Software – Privacy Policy

Last updated: September 3, 2013

This Privacy Policy governs your use of any software and/or services and/or features provided by Conduit (collectively, the "Conduit Software"). This Privacy Policy explains how Conduit Ltd. and its affiliates (together, “Conduit”, “we,” or “us”) treat your information and protect your privacy when you use the Conduit Software, and the rights and options available to you regarding your information. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you download and use the Conduit Software. This Policy is incorporated in the Conduit Software’s End User License Agreement (the “EULA”). All capitalized terms that are defined in the EULA, will have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Policy.

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY: BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, ACCESSING, AND/OR USING THE CONDUIT SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING THE COLLECTION, PROCESSING, AND USAGE OF YOUR INFORMATION. IF YOU DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT DOWNLOAD, CONNECT TO, ACCESS, ACTIVATE, OR USE THE CONDUIT SOFTWARE, AND ARE OBLIGED TO UNINSTALL, ERASE, OR REMOVE THE CONDUIT SOFTWARE FROM YOUR COMPUTER.

The Conduit Software may include various features and content that are offered and delivered to you by the Publisher or other third parties, such as news, messages, and games, as well as features and content that you may choose to add (“Content”).

The following are the privacy practices of Conduit. Third parties must comply with these policies when providing you with Content that is included, directly or indirectly, in the Conduit Software:

Information Conduit Collects and Receives. There are several types of data being collected from you as detailed herein. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY DETAILED HEREIN, IT IS NOT NECESSARY FOR YOU TO PROVIDE CONDUIT WITH ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO USE THE CONDUIT SOFTWARE. “Personally Identifiable Information” is information that identifies an individual, including their login credentials to a third-party website, name, postal address, and email address.

Search Data. As part of the functionality provided by the Conduit Software, we may collect and store information about your search activity when you use our web search services (such as search queries). This information may be shared with third-party applications that use Search Data to function, or to offer you more customized information and services. The information is collected and stored by Cookies (as explained below) and may include Personally Identifiable Information, depending on your search query. For instance, if you search your own name, Personally Identifiable Information would be included in the search query. BY USING THE SEARCH FEATURES PROVIDED BY US, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO GRANT CONDUIT PERMISSION TO COLLECT YOUR SEARCH QUERIES, SHARE THEM WITH THIRD PARTIES, AND USE SEARCH-RELATED COOKIES.

Usage Data. The Conduit Software further collects anonymous, aggregated information and non-personal data, such as Conduit Software-generated User IDs, User language, Internet Protocol (IP) address, the geographic location of the device from which you access the web, and other Conduit Software usage data, all of which do not include Personally Identifiable Information. We may use such information, including making it available to our service providers, partners, and other third parties. You may choose not to send Conduit Software usage data at any time from the Conduit Software Options dialog box or when you disable or uninstall the Conduit Software.

Browsing Data. The Conduit Software may also collect and store information about your web browsing locally on your device, like the web pages that you have visited while using the web and the content you have accessed. This locally saved information may interact with the Conduit Software and send us information about your web browsing so we can suggest services or provide you with ads that may be more relevant to you. Only generalized inferences are passed from the Conduit Software to our servers.

Additional Services. We may combine the web Search Data with other non-Personally Identifiable Conduit Software Information (as further detailed above, e.g. Browsing Data or Usage Data) and if we do, some of the otherwise non-Personally Identifiable Conduit Software Information may become Personally Identifiable Information. In addition, the Conduit Software also takes the form of apps, buttons, or gadgets that we created for your enjoyment. If this Conduit Software requires any access, collection, use, or sharing of your information – both your Personally Identifiable Information and non-Personally Identifiable Information, then we will ask for your permission prior to accessing your information.

Information Usage. Conduit may use the information it collects and receives for business and operations purposes including: to operate the Conduit Software and provide you with the Conduit Software’s functionality and features; to enable quality assurance, improve the quality of the services and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external customers; to notify you of Conduit Software Updates (as such term is defined in the EULA); to provide us with Usage Data for statistical purposes; to facilitate our operation and improvement of the Conduit Software; to improve and customize your User experience of the Conduit Software and develop new features; to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback; to take any action in any case of dispute involving you in connection with the Conduit Software; to enforce the Conduit Software’s EULA, this Policy and prevent unlawful activities and misuse of the Conduit Software; and to comply with any applicable law and assist law enforcement agencies when we deem that our cooperation with them is compliant with applicable laws and regulations.

Sharing Information with Others. We may share Personally Identifiable Information collected through your use of the Conduit Software with others in any of the following cases:

    If we reasonably believe that you have breached the Conduit Software’s EULA, misused the Conduit Software, or performed any action that we reasonably believe to be violating the applicable law or rules, or in any case of dispute of any kind involving you in connection with the Conduit Software;

    If we believe that we are required by law to disclose your information, we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party, as may be required (e.g. to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or governmental request; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Conduit, its Users, its partners, or the general public);

    We may also share Personally Identifiable Information with our subsidiaries, sister companies, and parent companies, but their use of such information must comply with this Policy.

In any case other than the above, we will share your Personally Identifiable Information with others only if we receive your prior consent.

Corporate Action. In the event Conduit goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, consolidation, change of control, reorganization, bankruptcy, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information may be among the assets transferred.

Third-Party Content. The Publisher or you may choose to add Content to the Conduit Software. The Content may be in the form of apps, buttons, gadgets, and others means that are provided to you by third parties. The use of these third parties’ Content is subject to their privacy policies. In addition, Conduit, as a platform provider, provides the Publisher and other third parties with a large number of tools to enable them to create interesting and unique apps, buttons, and gadgets using the Conduit platform. Some of these tools may give these third parties the ability to access, collect, store, and/or share your information – both your Personally Identifiable Information and non-Personally Identifiable Information. We or these third parties will ask for your consent to access, collect, store, or share your information prior to accessing it. If you have any questions about the Third-Party Content, please contact these third parties before approving and/or using and/or activating their apps.

Social Networks. You may also choose to activate additional features that provide you with the ability to update and use your favorite social networks directly from the Conduit Software. During such activation, you will be asked to grant Conduit permission to compile certain information from such social network systems. This information may include friends or contact lists, notes, updates, and photos, and may be used by Conduit to customize the Content of your Conduit Software, suggest new features and Content that may be relevant to you, or provide Conduit with data for statistical purposes. The information you allow Conduit to access is that which is presented to you when you choose to activate these features. If you elect to permit Conduit to access this information, Conduit may be able to see and use this information and such action may change your preexisting privacy settings, however Conduit does not have control over privacy settings in your social network account. Please see your social network provider policies for any questions or concerns. It is important to note that Conduit does not sell or rent Personally Identifiable Information it compiles from such social networks to any third parties. Conduit may provide non-identifiable, general statistical, and demographic information to its Publishers from time to time. You may opt not to grant Conduit access to your social network account(s) at any time by changing your social network settings or by not authorizing Conduit access.

Third-Party Websites and Offers. Each Conduit Software includes a new search box for your use and enjoyment. In addition, while installing the Conduit Software, you may voluntarily opt to change your home page, other search-related preferences, add components, receive notifications and offers, or enable other features provided to you by the Publisher or other third parties (such as the Value Apps which may be provided by our partners). You can agree or disagree to receive these options. If you disagree, those options will not be activated. Please note that while visiting a website, third parties, including Conduit, can detect whether or not the Conduit Software is installed in your browser.

Cookies. The Conduit Software uses Cookies to identify and save various pieces of information about your use of the Conduit Software and of certain features of the Conduit Software. Cookies are packets of information sent to your computer when you visit a website to allow this website to recognize you on your next visit thereon. Cookies may store your preferences and other information, such as the webpages you have accessed, features you used, and your session durations. For instance, when you access the Conduit Software download and installation screen(s), we use Cookies to automatically record information that your browser sends to install the Conduit Software according to your preferences. These Cookies can be removed or blocked altogether from the Options drop-down menu on your Internet browser. You may always customize the Conduit Software according to your preferences by using the Options dialog box of the Conduit Software.

Minors. To use the Conduit Software, you must be at least thirteen (13) years of age. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage, so that we can verify that minors under the age of thirteen (13) are not using the Conduit Software. In the event that it comes to our knowledge that a person under the age of thirteen (13) is using the Conduit Software, we will prohibit and block such a User from accessing the Conduit Software and will make all efforts to promptly delete any Personally Identifiable Information with regard to such a User, as applicable. For more information about how Conduit complies with children’s privacy protection laws and further guidance, please see our Children’s Privacy Protection Policy here.

Access. You may send us a request to access the Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through your use of the Conduit Software. We may require that you provide us with additional information to verify your identity.

Data Retention. We may delete your Personally Identifiable Information from our systems or anonymize it if we deem it no longer necessary for our reasonable business needs.

Transfer of Data Outside Your Territory. The Conduit Software, by its nature as an online ‘software as a service’, may store and process information in various locations throughout the globe. If you are a resident of a jurisdiction where transfer of your personal information to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you hereby provide us with your express consent to such transfer of your data.

Information Security.We implement measures to secure your Personally Identifiable Information, to minimize the risks of damage, loss of information, and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures are unable to provide absolute information security. Therefore, although we make efforts to secure your Personally Identifiable Information, we cannot guarantee and you cannot reasonably expect that the Conduit Software and its databases will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unauthorized interceptions, or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.

Uninstall. You can uninstall the Conduit Software or Content embedded within at any time. To uninstall Content (when the Conduit Software is not in Hide mode), simply go to the Conduit Software Options dialog box. To uninstall the Conduit Software, just use the standard uninstall processes that are available as part of your operating system (for example: add/remove programs in Windows, add-on removal in Firefox, etc.), or through your Internet browser’s Settings/Options/Tool button, as applicable.

Deactivation. You can deactivate the Conduit Software through its User interface and/or your browser’s Settings/Options/Tools button, as applicable.

Control Over Preferences. You have full control over the Conduit Software and can modify your preferences at any time (including the Content you have added to the Conduit Software), from the Options dialog box of the Conduit Software in Unhide mode.

Changes to This Privacy Policy. We may from time to time change this Policy. Substantial changes will take effect 30 days after we have posted an initial notification through the Conduit Software Options drop-down menu or through other reasonable means to notify you of the changes. Other changes will take effect 7 days after their initial posting. However, if we amend the Policy to comply with legal requirements, the amendments will become effective immediately upon their initial posting, or as required. Conduit will also update the "Last Updated Date" at the end of this Policy. You agree to be bound by any of the changes made to this Policy. Your continued use of the Conduit Software after the changes take effect will indicate your acceptance of the amended Policy. If you do not agree with any of the amended terms, you must avoid any further use of the Conduit Software.

Report. If you have any concerns while using the Conduit Software, or if you believe that your privacy right has been violated, please contact us by email at: Privacy@conduit.com

Updates. From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to visit and review this Policy frequently to stay informed.
