HD Guru Inc. (“HD Guru”) respects your personal privacy and is committed to adhering to federal and state privacy laws and industry guidelines in order to protect you and your identity. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how we handle the personal information that you provide to us on this site (the “HD Guru Web Site” or the “Web Site”). This Privacy Policy applies only to the HD Guru Web Site, not to any other HD Guru, affiliate or third party sites that may be accessible from here.

After reading this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into and is a part of the Web Site’s Terms of Use, you will know:

What information HD Guru collects from you
How HD Guru uses this information;
What choices you have about how HD Guru treates your information;
How HD Guru protects your privacy
What HD Guru does about children visiting the Web Site;
How you can contact HD Guru.
Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using the Web Site or submitting information to us. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and your continued use of the Web Site is acceptance of such changes, so please check this area periodically for updates to this Privacy Policy.

INFORMATION HD GURU COLLECTS FROM YOU

Active Information Collection

Like many other Web sites, we actively collect information from our visitors both by asking specific questions on the Web Site and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via e-mail. Some of the information that you submit during the registration process or while making a purchase may be personally identifiable (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your name, business name, address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, etc.). Also, if you place an order, you may be required to provide financial information.

When you visit the Web Site, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily. If you choose to register with the Web Site, during the registration process you will be asked for both personal and demographic information, most of which is required in order to complete the registration. We will inform you which information is optional. If you opt not to register with the Web Site, you still can visit the Web Site but may not be able to receive or view certain content such as our newsletter.

HD Guru does not have control over the privacy policies applied by any other party that you may disclose information to. Third party sites that are linked to from the Web Site are not under the control of HD Guru and we are not responsible for their content or privacy policies. If you would like information on any other party’s privacy policy, you should contact that party directly, and we encourage you to do so.

Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through a Web site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as navigational data collection. Like most Web site operators, we track IP addresses, use both session and persistent cookies, and assign Internet tags. Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on this site and collects operational information about the technology you use, such as your browser, type of computer, operating systems, Internet service providers and the domain name of the Web Site from which you linked to our site.

In addition, when you view the Web Site, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a cookie or similar file and will help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor a Web site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. HD Guru does not collect personally identifiable information automatically, but we may tie information collected automatically to your previously submitted personally identifiable information.

We passively collect information to understand what areas of the Web Site are most popular, which areas may require improvement and what technologies are being used by our visitors. This information helps us to update and improve the Web Site. We also use this information for security purposes, to detect and to block security breaches and to provide you with a safe online environment.

HOW HD GURU USES YOUR INFORMATION

HD Guru uses your personal information to enhance the operation of the Web Site and allow you to use all of its features.

Your contact information (e-mail addresses, name) and demographic information (e.g., age, location, income range) will be used for the purposes for which you supplied it to us (e.g., registering with the Web Site, receiving newsletter, etc.), to send you related notices or promotional materials and to respond to your comments or requests for information. If you direct comments to us or you request information from us, we may ask you to verify certain location information so that we can be assured that the response or information we provide is appropriate for that geographic location. We may also enhance or merge personally identifiable information with data obtained from third parties for the same purposes.

HD Guru will not give or sell your personally identifiable information to any outside organization for the organization’s own use without your consent. HD Guru may disclose your personal information to the reputable vendors that assist us in processing information or delivering the items that our customers order. These vendors are restricted from using the information for any purpose other than helping us to provide products and services.

HD Guru does not otherwise distribute to third parties your personally identifiable information. HD Guru, however, will have no liability for disclosure of information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized intervention of third parties.

HD Guru may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, online traffic patterns and related information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information. HD Guru also will disclose any information that it is required to disclose by law or by an appropriate government authority.

Although HD Guru does not currently rent, sell, or otherwise share your information with third parties for purposes unrelated to this site, it may do so in the future. If you do not want your information to be shared, you should contact us at hdguru@hdguru.com as described in Section 3.

Some of our advertisers may display ads on the Web Site that solicit, or contain technology to collect, information about our users. This information is collected and used by our advertisers, and is outside of our control. If you have any questions about a banner advertisement, you should contact the responsible advertiser directly.

CHOICES YOU HAVE ABOUT HOW HD GURU USES YOUR INFORMATION
We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:

You may send us an e-mail message at hdguru@hdguru.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. To protect your privacy, we will only respond to e-mail messages sent from the e-mail address you used to set up your account. Should you elect to have your information deleted, we will also delete your user account.

If you do not wish us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.

If you no longer wish to receive information or promotional materials from us by e-mail you may opt out of receiving these communications. We offer two methods for such opt-out choices. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. You also may send us an e-mail stating your request addressed to hdguru@hdguru.com.

You should review this Privacy Policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use the Web Site. Remember, by using any part of the Web Site, you accept and agree to our privacy practices. If we update this Privacy Policy, your continued use of the Web Site (following the posting of the revised Privacy Policy) means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.

HOW HD GURU PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect your personal information. We use both technical and procedural methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases, including the use of firewalls and restricted access to data.

The safety and security of your information also depends on you. If you have access to password-protected features, never share your password with anyone else, notify us promptly if you believe your password security has been breached, and remember to log off of this site before you leave your computer. We further urge you to be careful about giving out personal information in public areas of this site like chat rooms or bulletin boards. When you provide information in these forums you do so at your own risk. The information you share may be viewed by any user of this site.

This site contains links to other Web sites operated by third parties that may be of interest to you. We cannot control these third party sites, which may collect personal information from you. When you follow a link and leave this site, you do so at your own risk.

WHAT HD GURU DOES ABOUT CHILDREN VISITING THE WEB SITE
The Web Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect information from site visitors in this age group. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose online. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us via e-mail at hdguru@hdguru.com they would like this information deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our databases.

HOW YOU CAN CONTACT HD GURU
If you have submitted personally identifiable information through the Web Site or an interactive advertisement, or if someone else has submitted your personally identifiable information through the Web Site or an interactive advertisement, and you would like to have that information deleted from our marketing databases, please contact us via e-mail at hdguru@hdguru.com. We will then use reasonable efforts to remove your personally identifiable information from our files. You also may contact us to request the personally identifiable information that HD Guru has collected about you through the Web Site or interactive advertisements. HD Guru will use reasonable efforts to supply you with this information and correct any factual inaccuracies in this information.

If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this site, please contact us at: hdguru@hdguru.com