ICBC
Our privacy policy
We're dedicated to protecting your privacy. It's an essential part of our commitment to integrity, dedication, accountability and caring whenever we deal with our customers. 
The B.C. Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA) sets out rules around ICBC’s ability to collect, use and disclose personal information. It also requires us to protect your personal information by keeping it secure.
“Personal information” includes any recorded information about you as an identifiable individual such as your name, address, driving record, or claims information. It would not include things that cannot be linked back to you, such as crash statistics for an intersection with names and identifying features of individuals removed.
The purpose of our Privacy Policy is to:
help you understand ICBC’s privacy commitments, and
give you information about where you can go with questions or concerns about privacy.
How we protect your privacy
The following principles reflect our commitment to safeguarding your personal information.
Open all / Close all
1. Collection of personal information
?We will only collect as much personal information from you as we need to provide you with the product, program or service you are requesting. We will not collect more information than we need.
2. Purpose and manner of collection
?When we collect personal information we will explain why we need it and, whenever possible, we will collect it directly from you. There are situations when ICBC does collect information about you indirectly (from others). One example of this is if you receive a licence suspension or violation ticket, that information would be sent to us by the police for entry into our systems.
3. Access or use of personal information
We will not access or use personal information for any purposes other than those for which the information was collected, or a use consistent with that purpose. We will only collect personal information for legitimate business purposes and will only use it for business purposes. Some reasons we may collect personal information about you are:
To verify your identity.
To respond to your enquiries.
To provide driver licensing and vehicle registration products and services, along with meeting our photo identification and safety mandate.
To confirm your insurance application information and understand and assess your insurance needs.
To establish and maintain a business relationship with you and provide ongoing service.
To process and investigate claims.
4. Disclosure of personal information
We will not disclose personal information to anyone without your consent or specific legal authority. Our employees may access personal information only when needed to perform their job.
There are some circumstances where we may disclose or share some personal information about you. These circumstances are mainly for purposes consistent with the reasons we collected the information in the first place, such as the use of your personal information in renewing your insurance policy. Other examples are:
To comply with requests from law enforcement agencies; for example, disclosing an owner’s information to police when a stolen vehicle is found.
To meet legal requirements during a court proceeding or regulatory requirements such as those associated with providing information to RoadSafetyBC.
To update the voter registration list as required by the Elections Act.
To assist in collecting a debt owed to ICBC or another public body as permitted by FIPPA.
5. Retention of personal information
?We will keep your personal information as long as we need it to fulfill the purpose for which we collected it. If we use it to make a decision that affects you, we will keep it for at least one year. After that, it will be securely destroyed according to ICBC’s retention and destruction schedule.
6. Accountability
?Every employee and business partner of ICBC is responsible for the protection of personal information in their custody or control. We have designated an officer to be accountable for ongoing compliance with our Privacy Policy and procedures.
7. Accuracy of personal information
We strive to keep your personal information accurate, complete and up-to-date. To ensure that ICBC has accurate information, please notify us when there are changes to your personal information. You can do this in the following ways:
Contact your Autoplan broker.
Contact our General Inquiries department. 
Contact our Privacy and Freedom of Information department.
8. Security of personal information
ICBC is committed to keeping your personal information secure through the following measures:
physical barriers such as locked doors, locked cabinets, and building alarm systems;
policies, procedures and access level controls; and
technological barriers such as passwords, encryption, firewalls, and anti-virus software, where appropriate.
Learn more about how we protect your information online by reviewing our Website privacy statement which describes the information we collect and how we protect your privacy when visiting or using our website.
We are responsible for all personal information in our possession, including information transferred to other organizations performing services on our behalf. Where personal information is provided to our business partners such as our Autoplan brokers, we require them to protect the information in a manner that is consistent with our privacy policy and principles.
9. Individual access to personal information
You may write to us and ask to see what personal information we have about you, and how it has been used and disclosed. If your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you may ask us to amend it. For requests involving your own personal information:
If you are already in contact with an ICBC business area, such as a claim centre, you may wish to make the request to them first.
For information regarding non-claim related information, you can also start by contacting us (General inquiries).
Ultimately, you may contact our Privacy and Freedom of Information department to:
Access your personal information or have your information corrected
File a complaint about our privacy policies or the manner in which we’ve handled your personal information
Inquire about any other privacy questions or concerns.
There is no charge for verifying or correcting personal information. There may be a small fee if you want a copy of your records.
10. Inquiries, complaints and suggestions
You can address any complaint regarding compliance with this Privacy  Policy, or make any enquiry concerning our privacy policies and practices, by:
Use this form to share your comments and feedback;
mailing a written request to:
ICBC Privacy & Freedom of Information 
151  West Esplanade
North Vancouver BC  V7M 3H9
phoning us at 604-661-6828.
You may also contact the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner (OIPC) for further information. The OIPC is independent from government and monitors and enforces FIPPA.