his website (the "Site") is operated by Talisman Sinopec Energy UK Limited, Company No 00825828, Registered Office 20-22 Bedford Row, London, WC1R 4JS ("we" or "us"). By using and visiting our website you agree to this privacy policy. At Talisman Sinopec, we respect the privacy of visitors to our website and are committed to protecting your personal data. We recognise that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. Therefore, we have put in place the following policy to protect your personal data.

WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? HOW DO WE USE IT?
We do not indirectly collect any personal data of individuals accessing the Site. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy and the Legal Notice, we collect and maintain personal data of visitors only when it is submitted voluntarily. Generally this information is only requested to respond to an enquiry made by you, or when you apply for a job with Talisman Sinopec. We may gather and use information about you in the following ways:

If you chose to give us personal data via this website, for example, in order to request information, a brochure or to correspond in respect of a query, we will let you know how we will use such information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
If you apply for a job we will use your information for the purposes of recruitment and selection corresponding with you and equal opportunities monitoring.
Through the Site, we do automatically collect information about Internet service networks used to access the Site. This data does not contain any personal data about individual visitors to the Site but does include your Internet Protocol Address and domain name used, the type of browser and operating system, the date and time of the visit and the Site accessed. The information collected is used for purposes that include assessing system performance, improving web services and website management as well as tracking the number of visitors to the Site.
If you provide us with information about another person, you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them, to consent to the processing of their personal data and that you have informed them of our identity and the purposes (as set out above) for which their personal data will be processed.
By providing us with your personal data you consent to our processing your personal data for the above purposes. You also consent to our transferring your information to countries or jurisdictions which do not provide the same level of data protection as the UK, if necessary, for the above purposes. If we do make such a transfer, we will, if appropriate, put a contract in place to ensure your information is protected.

USE OF COOKIES
Please visit our Legal Notice for details of our use of cookies.

LINKS
The Site contains links to other websites, some of which Talisman Sinopec administers and others which are unrelated to Talisman Sinopec. We provide these links solely for your information and convenience. This privacy statement, the Privacy Policy and information handling practices no longer apply once you have linked to a website that is external to Talisman Sinopec. Each website should be checked for the privacy statement applicable to it. Talisman Sinopec does not control these linked websites and is not responsible for the privacy practices in place on linked websites that Talisman Sinopec does not control.

HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We take appropriate measures to ensure that the information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is used.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.

DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
You should note that if our business (or any part of it) is sold or transferred at any time, the information we hold may form part of the assets transferred although will still only be used in accordance with this policy.

In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller of such business or assets. We may disclose personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Legal Notice, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Talisman Sinopec Energy UK Limited, our customers or others.

OTHER INFORMATION
You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you (for which we may charge a small fee) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected.

This privacy policy may change and therefore you should review it regularly.

For quality control and training purposes, we may monitor or record your communications with us.

WHEN AND HOW TO CONTACT US
If your personal details change, if you have any queries about how we use your information, or if you do not wish to receive any further contact from us, please let us know by contacting +44 (0) 1224 35 2741.