Privacy Policy
 
As your insurance agent or broker, our objective is to professionally serve your insurance needs. We recognize that in providing these services, we have an obligation to safeguard the personal information you entrust to us, as well as other information we may collect as part of the insurance transaction.
 
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our policyholders or claimants to any third parties except as is permitted by law. Any such disclosures are made for the purpose of transacting the business of your insurance coverage or your claim. We do not sell or market your non-public personal information.
 
The Information We Collect
 
We collect non-public personal information about you from a variety of sources. The information we collect allows us to properly underwrite and rate your insurance policy and to complete the other transactions incidental to your insurance policy. Sources of information include:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency
Driver information from the state motor vehicle departments
Medical or financial information
The Information We Disclose
 
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our policyholders except as permitted by law. In some cases this information can be disclosed to third parties without your authorization. These disclosures may include those made to your insurance company, appraisers, independent adjusters, insurance regulators, and/or your mortgage lender or lien holder. It is the agency's normal procedure that your policy could be re-marketed for purposes of renewing or replacing it. We do not sell our customer lists.
 
How We Protect Your Personal Information
 
We restrict access to your personal information to those employees who need it to provide the insurance products and services you have requested. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.