LEGAL

General Terms and Conditions of Use

Welcome to the website http://www.total.com/ (the “Website"). By connecting to the Website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accepted without limitation or reservation these General Terms and Conditions of Use and the Personal Data Protection Policy . Please note that if you visit other websites of the Total group, different general terms and conditions and policies concerning personal data protection apply to these websites. It is recommended that you carefully read their legal notices.
 
1. Identity 
 
Company publishing the Website (referred to herein as the “Company”): 
 
Corporation company under French law, with a share capital of 5 963 168 812.50  euros, 
 
whose head office is located at: Tour Coupole - 2, place Jean Millier - Arche Nord - Coupole/Regnault - 92078 Paris La Défense Cedex - France
 
Listed in the RCS Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under No.542 051 180
 
VAT No.: FR 59 542 051 180
 
E-mail: contact form
 
Telephone: +33 1 47 44 60 00Call: +33 1 47 44 60 00
 
Publication director: Corporate Communication Department
 
Technical design, hosting and development of the Internet site: 
 
DIXXIT, Stock company registered capital of 200 000 euros , whose head office is located at 42  rue d’Arthelon  92 190 Meudon
 
Listed in the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under No. 422 570 929
 
Internet site production: 
 
SMILE, Stock company registered capital of 707 786, 75 euros, whose head office is located at 48 rue de Villiers 92 300 Levallois-Perret,
 
Listed in the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under No. 378 615 363
 
The companies within the Total group have their own legal existence and independent legal status. The Company publishing this Website belongs to the Total group. “Total” and “Total group” are sometimes used in this Website for convenience where references are generally made to TOTAL S.A. (the holding company) and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Likewise, the words “we”, “us” and “our” are used to refer to the Company or any company of the Total group in general or to those who work for them. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies. It cannot be inferred from these expressions that TOTAL S.A. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates are involved in the business and management of any other company of Total group.
2. Information about activities

The Company has posted this Web site on line to present to you its activities and provide you with information and recommendations relating to its activities or your interests. The Company may modify the information stored in this Web site concerning its activities at any time and without prior notice. This information is provided as general information without any guarantees that is fit for any specific purpose.

3. Intellectual property

3.1.1 All information or documents (text, animated or static images, databases, sounds, photographs, know-how or cited products) stored in the Website as well as all elements created for the Website and its general structure are either the property of the Company or the companies within the Total group or are subject to rights to use, duplicate or communicate to the public that have been granted to such. 
 
3.1.2 This information, documents and items are subject to laws protecting copyright insofar as they have been made available to the public via this Website. No licence or any right other than to view the Website has been granted to any party with regard to intellectual property rights. 
 
3.1.3 Duplication of Website documents is authorized solely as information for personal and private usage. Any duplication or usage of copies made for other purposes is formally prohibited and subject to prior and formal authorization by the Company. In all cases, authorized duplication of information stored in this Website must cite the source and make adequate references as to proprietary. 
 
3.2 Distinguishing signs
 
Unless otherwise stipulated, company names, logotypes, products and brands quoted on the Website are the property of the Company or the companies within the Total group or are subject to rights to use, duplicate or represent/communicate to the public that have been granted to such. You may not use them without prior written authorization from the Company.
 
3.3 Databases 
 
The Company is the controller of databases on the Website and the Company is the owner of any databases made available. You may not extract or reuse a substantial qualitative or quantitative portion of the databases, including for private purpose.
4. Undertakings of the user

4.a. Each visitor of the Web site providing information grants the Company all transferable rights concerning said information and authorises the Company to make use of such. The information thus provided by visitors shall be deemed not confidential. However, the information provided is personal data as defined by the French Data processing and privacy law dated 6 January 1978, which means we undertake to process said information in accordance with our Personal Data Protection Policy which applies to this Web site.

4.b. Each visitor of this Web site also certifies that s/he complies with these measures and current laws and in particular:

Has the ability and means required to access the Web site and use it
Has verified that the IT configuration used does not contain any virus and that it is in full working order
Grants the Company and partners where applicable a right to use the information provided (other than data of a personal nature)
Must keep confidential and is consequently liable for the use and security of access codes and passwords which the Company may send you to access specific sections. The Company reserves the right to suspend your access to the Web site in the event of fraudulent use or attempts at fraudulent use of said access.
5. Hypertext links

5.a. Activation of links. The Company formally declines any liability as to the content of web sites to which it provides links. Said links are offered to users of this Web site as a service. Please consult the general terms and conditions and the personal data protection policy for the web sites in order to understand their practice. The decision to use links is taken solely by the Web site users. We may modify or delete a link on our Web site at any moment.

5.b. Link authorisation. If you wish to create a hypertext link to this Web site, you must obtain prior written authorisation from the Company using the contact details stipulated at the end of this document.

6.1 Information
 
6.1.1 The information (“Information”) available on this www (World Wide Web) server is provided in good faith.
 
6.1.2 This Information is considered correct when it is published on the Website. However, the Company neither represents nor guarantees that the Information is comprehensive or accurate. You bear all the risks arising from your reliance on the Information. The Information is provided on the condition that you or any other person receiving it can determine its interest for a specific purpose before use. Under no circumstances will the Company accept liability for injury arising from reliance on the said Information, its use or use of a product to which it refers.
 
6.1.3 The Information shall not be deemed a recommendation to use information, products, procedures, equipment or formulae contravening a patent, copyright or registered trade mark. The Company declines any explicit or implicit liability in the event that use of the Information contravenes a patent, copyright or registered trade mark. 
 
6.1.4 The Company and all directly or indirectly owned subsidiaries or affiliates and any company within the Total group categorically rejects any interpretation which may assimilate the content of its websites to purchase offers or incitements to acquire shares or other listed or unlisted negotiable securities. 
 
6.1.5 No explicit or implicit guarantee is given regarding the commercial nature of the Information provided or its suitability for a given purpose as well as the products to which said Information refers to.
 
6.1.6 Under no circumstances does the Company undertake to update or correct the Information disseminated on the Internet or on its web servers. Similarly, the Company reserves the right to amend or correct the content of its Website at any time without prior notification. 
 
6.2 Forward-looking statements
 
6.2.1 The Information presented in this Website may contain forward-looking statements concerning the financial position, operating results, activities and industrial strategy of the Company, TOTAL S.A. and/or companies of the Total group. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of management and on the information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include information concerning forecasts, projections, anticipated synergies, and other information concerning possible or assumed future results and may be preceded by, followed by, or otherwise include the words “believes”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “plans”, “targets”, “estimates” or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not assurances of results or values. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Future results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Many of the factors that will determine these results and values are beyond the Company’s ability to control or predict. 
 
6.2.2 The Company does not undertake and is not required to update or revise such forward-looking statements, in particular as a result of new information or subsequent events or other factors. Additional information concerning material factors that may have an effect on the financial results of the Total group may be consulted in documentation filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or other competent authority.
 
6.3 Availability
 
The Company does not guarantee that the Website will operate without interruption or that the servers ensuring access to it operate and/or the third party sites to which hypertext links refer do not contain viruses.
 
7. Updates of terms and conditions of use of the Website and applicable law
 
The Company may update these Conditions of Use of the Website at any time. Consequently, you are invited to regularly refer to the latest Conditions of Use in effect. These general conditions of use of the Website are subject to applicable laws.
 
8. Contact details
 
You may direct all questions concerning conditions of use of the Website by e-mail to Total.SA. or by post to the following address: 
TOTAL S.A.
Legal Department
2 Place Jean Millier - La Défense 6
92400 COURBEVOIE, France – 
- See more at: http://www.total.com/en/legal#sthash.jgUZ8JPs.dpuf