Privacy

We are bound by the Privacy Act and will protect your personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles. These principles govern how we can collect, use, hold and disclose your personal information. 

This is a summary of our Privacy Policy. Download a copy of our full Privacy Policy (PDF 93kb) (Opens in new window), view the full Privacy Policy online, or contact us for a free printed copy.

 

What kinds of personal information do we collect and hold?

When you apply for our products or services, we collect information that is necessary to be able to provide you with those products or services. For instance, we may ask for identification information such as your name, address and date of birth.

Back to top

Why do we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?

The main reason we collect, use, hold and disclose personal information is so we can provide you with products and services. This may include:

Checking your eligibility for the product or service
Providing you with the product or service; and
Helping you manage the product or service.
Back to top

How do we collect personal information?

We collect most personal information directly from you. We may also collect information from you electronically; for instance, when you visit our website.

Sometimes we collect personal information about you from other people. For instance, from other Westpac Group companies or from publicly available sources of information.

Back to top

How do we hold personal information?

Much of the personal information we hold will be stored electronically in secure Westpac Group owned data centres. These data centres are located in Australia. We use a range of security measures to protect the personal information we hold.

Back to top

Who do we disclose your personal information to, and why?

We may share your personal information with other Westpac Group companies. Sometimes we may disclose your personal information to organisations outside the Westpac Group. For example, service providers such as mailing houses, insurers, and credit reporting bodies.

Back to top

Do we disclose personal information overseas?

We may disclose your personal information to recipients located outside Australia. These entities may include:

Westpac Group companies
Westpac Group service providers; and
Partner organisations.
Back to top

Do we use or disclose personal information for marketing?

We will use your personal information to offer you products and services that we believe may interest you.  We will not do this if you tell us not to.

Unless you tell us not to, we will disclose your personal information to companies within the Westpac Group so they can market their products and services to you. We may also disclose your personal information to companies outside the Westpac Group who assist us to market our products and services.

If you don’t want to receive marketing offers from us please contact us on the details listed at ‘Contact us’.

Back to top

Access to and correction of personal information

You can request access to the personal information we hold about you. You can also ask for corrections to be made. To do so, please contact us.

Back to top

Resolving your privacy concerns and complaints - your rights

If you are concerned about how your personal information is being handled or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us on the details listed at ‘Contact us’.

If you are unhappy with our response, there are other bodies you can go to.

The Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) can consider most complaints about your credit information involving providers of financial services.

FOS can be contacted at:
Financial Ombudsman Service
GPO Box 3
Melbourne VIC 3001
Phone: 1300 78 08 08
www.fos.org.au

Under the Privacy Act you may complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner about the way we handle your credit information.

The Commissioner can be contacted at:
GPO Box 5218 
Sydney NSW 2001
Phone: 1300 363 992
Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au
www.oaic.gov.au

Back to top

Contact us

You can contact us by:

calling 132 032
visiting any of our branches or instores
writing to us at GPO Box 5265, Sydney NSW 2001.
Our Privacy Officer can also be contacted in relation to privacy concerns by writing to GPO Box 5265, Sydney NSW 2001.

Back to top

Westpac securityholders

Westpac securityholder records are separate to customer records and are managed on Westpac’s behalf by its registrar, Link Market Services Limited (Link). If you are a securityholder of Westpac and wish to seek access to or correction of personal information Westpac holds about you and/or if you do not want to receive marketing material from members of the Westpac Group, please contact Link (and quote your holder number) by:

calling 1800 804 255
sending an email to westpac@linkmarketservices.com.au
writing to Link at Locked Bag A6015, South Sydney, NSW, 1235.
Westpac is required to collect certain information about securityholders under company and tax law. Securityholders will be asked to provide personal information to Westpac (directly or via its agents, including the registrar). You acknowledge that the personal information provided to Westpac (directly or via its agents, including the registrar) will be collected, used and disclosed by Westpac (and its agents, including the registrar) in order to service your needs as a securityholder, provide facilities and services that you request, carry out appropriate administration, send you information about the products and services of members of the Westpac Group, including future offers of securities and as otherwise required or authorised by law (including, without limitation, any law relating to taxation, money laundering or counter-terrorism).

Such disclosure may include disclosure to third parties including other members of the Westpac Group and to Westpac’s agents, service providers, auditors and advisors. Such disclosure may also include disclosure to domestic and overseas regulators or other government agencies (including ASIC and the Australian Taxation Office), stock exchanges, and the public by way of public registers maintained by regulators or other bodies. Some of these recipients may be located outside Australia. You acknowledge that if you do not provide the personal information we request, it might not be possible to administer your securityholding and/or send you information about the products and services of members of the Westpac Group, including future offers of securities.

Please refer to Westpac’s privacy policy above for information about how you may complain about a breach of the Privacy Act by Westpac and how Westpac will deal with such a complaint.

