Privacy
The protection of privacy and data users reflect the Bradesco Organization's values ??and reaffirm their commitment to continually improve the effectiveness of the data protection process. It is important that you read and understand these rules, which should be read together other applicable provisions, especially those from the legislation. These Privacy Policy inform simple and transparent manner the form of treatment and use of information from its collection to disposal. The reading should be done every access to this site, considering that the document is dynamic and can be changed at any time. By accessing the site, the user expresses his free acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, allowing the achievement of data and information mentioned herein as well as their use for the purposes specified below. If you do not agree with these policies, the user can discontinue your access to the site. 






The processing of information relating to users of the site will meet the following directives:

a) During navigation, the following information may be collected: device characteristics of access, browser, Internet protocol with date, time and origin information on clicks, pages accessed, the following page after the exit of the site, any term entered on the site (including our search engine), geolocation, among others. b) The information will be received, handled and stored safely and uprightly, in a controlled and secure environment, respecting the custody of legal term, even after the relationship maintained with the web site. c) Information obtained shall be considered confidential and will only be accessed by authorized persons trained to give them proper treatment. d) The information collected may be used to provide more efficient navigation, targeted to the needs of users, providing them with better experience. The information of the guard time respect the laws and the best safety practices of information, in order to meet the highest level of confidentiality, integrity and availability. e) can be used cookies to recognize the origin and last access, and to monitor the use of the site.