Privacy

[Note]
*	Please note that this document is an unofficial translation and was prepared for reference purpose only. The original release is in Japanese.
Effort to protect personal information

SoftBank Corp. and WILLCOM OKINAWA, Inc. (hereafter collectively called “SB”) has established “Personal Information Protection Principles” as a Privacy Policy on handling of personal information based on “Personal Information Protection Act (Law No. 57 in 2003)”. 
SB pledges to comply with the “Personal Information Protection Principles”, and continuously endeavor to handle all the personal information including customers' information safely and appropriately.

Privacy policy

Personal information protection

“Personal Information Protection Principles” lays down a basic guideline on all the personal information collected and used by SB.

Personal Information Protection Principles
Handling of personal information in telecommunication business

SB handles the personal information in telecommunication business among the personal information handled by SB as follows.

Handling of Personal Information in Telecommunication Business
Handling of personal information in direct / indirect installment sales, etc.

SB handles the personal information in direct / indirect installment sales among the personal information handled by SB as follows.

Handling of Personal Information in Direct / Indirect Installment Sales, etc.
Handling of personal information in internet search service business for SoftBank websites

In relation to personal information handled by SB, SB treats personal information in its internet search service business for SoftBank websites as follows.

Handling of Personal Information in Internet Search Service Business for SoftBank Websites
Handling of personal information in power generation business

In relation to personal information handled by SB, SB treats personal information in its power generation business as follows.

Handling of Personal Information in Power Generation Business
Handling of personal information in second-hand dealings

SB handles the personal information in second-hand dealings among the personal information handled by SB as follows.

Handling of Personal Information in Second-hand Dealings
Effort to protect privacy at utilization and application of customer information

SB makes effort to protect privacy at utilization and application of customer information as follows.

Effort to protect privacy at utilization and application of customer information
Handling of employees' personal information

SB handles the employees' personal information among the personal information handled by SB as follows.

Handling of Employees' Personal Information
Purpose of use for any personal information collected other than above shall be clarified before each collection.