Privacy
BASF Online Data Protection Rules
BASF is delighted that you have visited our website and thanks you for your interest in our company.

At BASF, data protection has the highest priority. This document is designed to provide you with information on how we are following the rules for data protection at BASF, which information we gather while you are browsing our website, and how this information is used. First and foremost: your personal data is only used in the following cases and will not be used in other cases without your explicit approval.

Collecting data
When you visit the BASF Creator SpaceTM website, general information is collected automatically (in other words, not by means of registration) which is not stored as personal related data. The web servers that are used store the following data by default:

The name of your internet service provider
The website from which you visited us
The websites which you visit when you are with us
Your IP address
This information is analyzed in an anonymous form. It is used solely for the purpose of improving the attractiveness, content, and functionality of our website. Where data is passed on to external service providers, we have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that the data protection regulations are observed.

Collecting and processing personal data
Personal data is only collected when you provide us with this in the course of, say, registration, by filling out forms or sending emails.

Your personal data remains with our company, our affiliates, and our provider and will not be made available to third parties in any form by us or by persons instructed by us. The personal data that we do collect will only be used in order to perform our duties to you and for any other purpose only when you have given specific consent. You can adjust your consent for the use of your personal data at any time with an email to the effect that you revoke your consent in the future to the email address listed in the imprint or to the data protection representative (contact information listed below).

Data retention
We store personal data for as long as it is necessary to perform a service that you have requested or for which you have granted your permission, providing that no legal requirements exist to the contrary such as in the case of retention periods required by trade or tax regulations.

Security
BASF deploys technical and organizational security measures to protect the information you have made available from being manipulated unintentionally or intentionally, lost, destroyed or accessed by unauthorized persons. Where personal data is being collected and processed, the information will be transferred in encrypted form in order to prevent misuse of the data by a third party. Our security measures are continuously reviewed and revised in line with the latest technology.

Right to obtain and correct information
You have the right to obtain information on all of your stored personal data, to receive, to review, and if necessary to amend or erase. To do this, just send an email to the email address indicated in the imprint or to the person in charge of data protection (see below for the relevant contact details). The deletion of your personal data will be completed unless we are legally obligated to store the information.

Cookies
When users enter the BASF Creator SpaceTM website their computers will automatically be issued with 'cookies'. Cookies are text files which identify users' computers to the BASF server.

BASF uses cookies to measure use of the website including number of visitors, how frequently pages are viewed, and the city and country of origin of users. This helps to determine what is popular and can influence future content and development.

We also use cookies to maintain user preferences, authentication status and to maintain user sessions.

Most modern web browsers allow users to control cookies through the browser settings. If you would like to opt out of the advantages of these cookies, you can read in the ‘help’ function on your browser how to adjust your browser to prevent these cookies, accept new cookies, or delete existing cookies. You can also learn there how to block all cookies or set up notifications for new cookies.

The Cookies which we currently use on the website are listed in the following table.

ACOOKIE (statse.webtrendslive.com)
This cookie is used by the Webtrends analytics service to track user activity on the site. This  anonymous data is used for optimising user experience on the site.

JSESSIONID (creator-space.basf.com)
Session cookie which is a normal part of Java web applications.

SessionPersistence (creator-space.basf.com)
Persists details of the user visiting the site.

q-authoring-mode (creator-space.basf.com)
Cookie set by BASF’s content management system.

selectedLanguage (creator-space.basf.com)
Cookie to remember the user’s language preference.

login-token (creator-space.basf.com)
Cookie to maintain logged in authentication state.

Contact
If you have any questions or ideas, please refer to the data protection representative at BASF, who will be pleased to help you. The continuous development of the Internet makes it necessary for us to adjust our data protection rules from time to time. We reserve the right to implement appropriate changes at any time.