INTRODUCTION TO ANZ’S
PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your privacy
Protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your
personal information is fundamental to the way ANZ
does business.
As a banking and financial services organisation, ANZ has a long
history of handling personal information, including sensitive
information, confidentially. We value the ongoing trust you have
in us to protect your privacy.
Personal information is information or an opinion about you.
This Privacy Policy explains how ANZ will manage and protect
your personal information, including information that ANZ
collects during the course of providing a product or service to
you and the information ANZ holds after your product or
service is terminated (where we are required to hold this
information or it is necessary for our functions). This Privacy
Policy also applies to information that ANZ collects from third
parties including the information ANZ receives through the
credit reporting system. You can find specific information
about ANZ’s credit reporting practices on page 11.
This Privacy Policy contains information about how you can
access the information ANZ holds about you (page 16), how
you can ask ANZ to correct your information (page 17) and
how you can make a complaint if you have concerns about
how ANZ has managed your information (page 18).
Which ANZ entities does this Policy cover?
All ANZ entities are subject to strict standards in relation to the
handling of personal information, regardless of where those
entities are located.
This Privacy Policy applies specifically to Australia and New
Zealand Banking Group Limited and each of its wholly-owned
Australian subsidiaries (ANZ). It explains how your personal
information is managed in our Australian-based businesses
including ANZ, Esanda, E*TRADE and OnePath.
The section on Credit Reporting also constitutes the credit
reporting Privacy Policy for the following offshore related
entities which conduct operational, technology and customer
service functions on behalf of Australian-based ANZ businesses:
 ANZ Support Services India Private Limited (India)
• ANZ Operations and Technology Private Limited (India)
• ANZ Global Services and Operations (Manila), Inc. (The
Philippines)
• ANZ Pacific Operations Limited (Fiji)
• ANZ Global Services and Operations (Chengdu) Company
Limited (China)
How to contact ANZ
If you have any questions or would like more information about
this Privacy Policy you may contact the person, department or
branch that you normally deal with. Alternatively, you may call
the ANZ Australian Contact Centre on 13 13 14 at any time or
email your question or request to yourfeedback@anz.com.
Our privacy framework
ANZ is bound by the Privacy Act and the 13 Australian Privacy
Principles (APPs) set out in that Act. The APPs regulate the way
that certain entities handle personal information.
As a participant in the credit reporting system, ANZ is also
bound by the rules in the Privacy Act which apply to credit
reporting. More information about ANZ’s credit reporting
practices can be found on page 11.
The Privacy Act does not apply to the handling of information
that does not relate to individuals – for instance information
about corporations. 
COLLECTING YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION
ANZ collects your personal information so that we can perform
our various functions and activities. ANZ also collects your
personal information if the law requires us to collect it.
If ANZ does not collect your personal information, we may
not be able to deal with you, or provide you with a product
or service.
ANZ collects most personal information directly from you. For
example, you provide us with your information when you open
an account, fill in an application form, deal with us over the
telephone, send us a letter, use our websites or visit a branch.
If you apply for one of ANZ’s products or services, ANZ may
collect and hold information from you such as your name,
address, telephone number, e-mail address, tax file number
(TFN), date of birth, annual income and other financial details,
place of work, credit history, and your transaction history.
Collecting information from third parties
ANZ may also collect information about you that is publicly
available, including information from telephone directories, the
electoral roll or other websites.
There may be occasions when ANZ collects personal
information about you from a third party. For example, ANZ may
collect personal information from:
• credit reporting bodies if we request a report about your
credit history (more information about ANZ’s Credit
Reporting practices can be found on page 11);
• other credit providers if we request information from
them about the products they provide to you;
• organisations that ANZ has an arrangement with to
jointly offer products and/or has an alliance with to
share information for marketing purposes to provide
you with products or services and/or to promote a product
or service;
• our related entities so we can better manage your
relationship with all ANZ companies;
• marketing companies if we acquire contact information
to tell people about ANZ products and services that may
interest them; and
• brokers and other parties who may have introduced
you to ANZ.
ANZ may also collect information about how you use ANZ’s and
other websites to help us better tailor our services to you. For
example, ANZ may do this when you click on a link from an ANZ
website or visit a website which displays an ANZ advertisement.
Usually, the information we collect in this way is general
information only derived from cookies – such as the number of
visitors to a site or statistics about how a site is browsed – and
does not identify you. If ANZ does identify you with this
information (for example, if you have been logged onto an
online ANZ service), any use or disclosure of that information will
be in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Collecting sensitive information
Sensitive information is personal information about a person’s
racial or ethnic origin, political opinion, membership of a
political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical
beliefs, membership of a professional or trade association,
membership of a trade union, sexual orientation or practices,
criminal record, genetic information or health information.
ANZ will not collect, use or disclose sensitive information about
you unless we need the information for one of our functions or
activities and we have your consent (or we are legally required
to do so).
For example, ANZ’s OnePath business collects health
information from you and your medical practitioner with your
consent to assess your application for life insurance, to
administer your policy and assess any claim made under that
policy. OnePath may also collect information about you if your
family members apply for products such as OnePath’s life
insurance or trauma and disablement cover.
OnePath may also collect sensitive information through
customer surveys or questionnaires so that it may obtain your
feedback and provide further information to you about
OnePath products or services. More information about ANZ’s
marketing practices can be found on page 15.
Collecting information required by law
ANZ may collect information from you because we are
required or authorised by an Australian law or court or tribunal
order to collect that information. We will tell you if collection is
required or authorised by law and provide you with details of
the law, court or tribunal order.
For example, when you open a deposit account or take out a
loan, ANZ is required under the Anti-Money Laundering and
Counter-Terrorism Financing Act to collect certain information
from you to prove your identity, such as your driver’s licence or
passport details. Further, when you provide a mortgage in favour of ANZ, in most States and Territories ANZ is required under Land
Titles legislation or rules of the Registrar to verify your identity
and this may require the collection of information. ANZ may
collect information to verify your identity even in the limited
circumstances where the collection is not yet required by law.
ANZ may collect your Australian tax file number (TFN) when
you open a deposit account. It is not compulsory to provide
your TFN, but if you do not, ANZ may deduct withholding tax
from your interest payments at the highest marginal rate. ANZ
will only collect your TFN to determine whether you are
subject to withholding tax on any interest payments you
receive and for no other purpose. ANZ’s OnePath business is
authorised by the Superannuation Industry Supervision Act
1993 to request that you provide your TFN. If ANZ collects your
TFN, we will handle your TFN in accordance with the Privacy
Act and the TFN Rule issued by the Commissioner.
The National Consumer Credit Protection Act 2010 requires credit
providers like ANZ to make inquiries into the financial situation,
needs and objectives of individuals who apply for consumer
credit. This is to ensure the credit provider has the information -
such as the individual’s financial commitments, income and
liabilities - to make an informed decision about whether the
individual can afford the credit they are applying for.
ANZ may also be required to ask about your tax residency status
under taxation information sharing agreements the Australian
Government has in place with other countries. For example, a
tax treaty between Australia and the United States formed under
US law (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act) requires ANZ to
ask account holders of some types of products whether they are
US citizens or US tax residents when they open their product. If
you are a tax resident of another country, the relevant treaty or
law may require us to collect your relevant foreign tax
identification number.
USING YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION
We may use and disclose personal information we collect
about you for several purposes including:
• to consider your request for a product or service;
• to enable ANZ to provide a product or service;
• to tell you about other products and services that may be
of interest to you;to assist in arrangements with other organisations (such as
loyalty partners) in relation to the promotion or provision of
a product or service;
• to manage accounts and perform other administrative
and operational tasks (including risk management,
systems development and testing, credit scoring and
staff training, collecting debts and market or customer
satisfaction research);
• to consider any concerns or complaints you raise against ANZ
and/or to manage any legal action between you and ANZ;
• to prevent or investigate any actual or suspected fraud,
unlawful activity or misconduct;
• to identify you or establish your tax status under any
Australian or foreign legislation, regulation or treaty
pursuant to an agreement with any tax authority; and
• as required by relevant laws, regulations, codes
of practice and external payment systems.
DISCLOSING YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION OVERSEAS
ANZ may need to disclose your information to organisations
located overseas.
The most common reason for ANZ disclosing information
overseas is because we use service providers to perform some
functions on our behalf, and some of these service providers
are located overseas. We only disclose your information to
these organisations when it is necessary for the services they
provide ANZ.
For the most part, these service providers are related entities of
ANZ which perform a range of technology, operational and
customer service functions for ANZ.
These entities are located in the following countries:
• The Philippines
• China
• India
• Fiji
• New Zealand
ANZ may also use other offshore service providers to help
provide you with our products and services or identify ways to
improve our service to you.
If you apply for a Home Loan with ANZ, receive an A-Z Review
of your banking needs, discuss ANZ’s Simple Wealth products
with our Branch Staff, or have a conversation with our Contact
Centre staff or one of our ANZ Financial Planners, ANZ may
send you an automated follow up request for your feedback
on your experience(s). ANZ uses external service providers
based in the USA, Canada and the UK to help us send you the
automated request and to analyse responses. We will therefore
need to send your information to these locations.
When we provide you with a home loan, and it is a loan which
requires ANZ to take out Lenders’ Mortgage Insurance (LMI),
ANZ will disclose your information to an administrator with
data storage facilities in the United States.
When we attempt to verify your identity electronically, ANZ
uses an external service provider with operations in Canada,
India and the Philippines to manage the process of matching
your identity with external data sources. ANZ sends your
information to an Australian data storage facility and it may be
accessed by our service provider from these overseas locations
in order to perform services for ANZ.
In addition to service providers, ANZ may also disclose your
information to our overseas related businesses for the
purposes explained in our Privacy Policy. For example, we may
disclose your information to our Singapore business if you
open an account with ANZ in Singapore.
When we disclose your information overseas, we are required
to take measures to ensure your information is treated in
accordance with the standards that apply in Australia except in
rare cases (for example, where we are required by law to
disclose your information overseas) or unless where we obtain
your consent not to take these measures.
The above is not a complete list of the countries to which your
information may be disclosed when using an ANZ product or
service. In some circumstances, the nature of the product or
service you request may require ANZ to disclose your information
overseas and the countries to which we may disclose your
information will depend on the particular circumstances. For
example, if you request to transfer funds to an overseas account
using a telegraphic transfer, ANZ will be required to disclose your
information to one or more overseas banks that are involved in
making the payment. The location of these banks depends on
where you want to send your funds.
If ANZ discloses information that we have received through the
credit reporting system to ANZ’s operational hubs, they will use
and disclose that consistent with ANZ’s credit reporting practices
described in the section titled Credit Reporting below.
CREDIT REPORTING
About credit reporting
ANZ participates in the credit reporting system. If you apply for
credit from ANZ, we may request a credit report about you
from a credit reporting body. These credit reports contain
information which assists us to assess your application,
including information about your credit history with other
credit providers. Credit reporting bodies can provide credit
providers with credit reports in certain circumstances,
including when an individual makes an application for credit,
or when a credit provider is seeking to help an individual avoid
defaulting on their credit. Credit reports are designed to assist
credit providers to accurately assess an individual’s ability to
repay credit.
To request a credit report, ANZ will provide information to the
credit reporting body that identifies you, as well as information
about your application – including the type and amount of
credit you are applying for.
In addition to collecting information about your credit history
from a credit reporting body, we also collect this type of
information through your use of ANZ products. For instance,
we collect information about the credit you hold through ANZ
and how you make repayments on those credit products. We
collect this information to help manage the product you hold
with ANZ. For example, ANZ may use this information to
determine whether you need assistance to meet your
repayment obligations.
Some of this information about the credit you hold with ANZ is
disclosed to a credit reporting body so it can be included in
your credit report and shared with other credit providers that
participate in the credit reporting system.
ANZ will also need to assess your eligibility if you nominate to
be a guarantor for another person. This may involve ANZ
obtaining information about you from a credit reporting body
and reviewing information we already hold about you.
Occasionally, ANZ may collect your credit information directly
from other credit providers, including other banks. ANZ will
collect information from other credit providers with your
consent or if that credit provider and ANZ are jointly providing
credit to you.
Disclosing your information to Credit Reporting Bodies
Under the Privacy Act, credit providers can disclose certain
information about your credit history to credit reporting
bodies. ANZ participates in credit reporting so that ANZ is able to obtain information to make better and more informed
decisions about providing credit to individuals. The Privacy Act
restricts the purpose for which credit providers can access and
use information that is held by credit reporting bodies.
ANZ may disclose the following information about your credit
to credit reporting bodies:
• that ANZ provides you credit;
• the type of credit you hold;
• the amount of credit provided to you;
• the terms and conditions of your credit; and
• when your credit account is opened and closed.
We may also disclose how you repay your credit. If you fail to
make repayments on your credit or you default on your
obligations, ANZ may report this information to a credit
reporting body. Equally, ANZ will inform a credit reporting
body if you make repayments on time or if you have corrected
a default.
We may also tell a credit reporting body if you commit a
serious infringement (for example, fraudulent behaviour or
deliberately seeking to evade your repayment obligations).
ANZ discloses information to the following credit reporting
bodies:
Veda Advantage Information Services and
Solutions Limited
Phone: 1300 850 211
Mail: Veda Information Services & Solutions Ltd
PO Box 964
North Sydney NSW 2059
E-mail: Membership.query@veda.com.au
Web: www.mycreditfile.com.au
Dun and Bradstreet (Australia) Pty Ltd
Phone: 1300 734 806
E-mail: PACAustral@dnb.com.au
Web: www.checkyourcredit.com.au
Experian Australia Credit Services Pty Ltd
Phone: 1300 784 134
Mail: Experian Australia Credit Services Pty Ltd
PO Box 1969
North Sydney NSW 2060
Web: www.experian.com.au/credit-services/credit-services.
html
Each of these credit reporting bodies is required to have a
policy to explain how it manages your personal information.
You can contact these credit reporting bodies directly to
request a copy of their privacy policy or for more information
about the way they manage your personal information.
Using information collected through the credit
reporting system
If ANZ collects credit information about you through the credit
reporting system, ANZ will use that information for several
purposes, including:
• to assess your application for credit;
• to assist you to avoid defaulting on your credit obligations;
• to assess your suitability to act as a guarantor;
• to manage accounts and carry out general administration
and operational tasks for ANZ
Group (for example, risk management,
development of systems, systems testing, market and
customer satisfaction research, staff training, credit scoring
and collecting debts); and
• as required by relevant laws, regulations, codes of practice
and payment systems.
ANZ will often combine the information obtained from a credit
reporting body with information ANZ already holds about you.
For instance, when ANZ assesses your application for credit, we
may combine information about other products you hold
(including how much you hold on deposit and how you have
repaid existing ANZ credit), the information you provide on your
application form and the credit report we obtain from a credit
reporting body to calculate a rating or score, which will determine
whether you qualify for the credit you are applying for.
Disclosing your credit information
When you apply for credit with ANZ, we seek your consent to
disclose your personal information, including the information
we receive through the credit reporting system, to third
parties. The terms and conditions of your product or service
will identify who ANZ discloses your information to. 
ANZ may disclose information it receives through the credit
reporting system to related entities of ANZ (who use and disclose
the information in the same way), agents and contractors or
service providers (such as debt collection agencies), other credit
providers (for them to assess credit or investigate suspected
fraud), mortgage insurers and your guarantors. ANZ may also
disclose this information when required or authorised to do so by
law including when ANZ is required to disclose this information to
regulatory bodies, government agencies and law enforcement
bodies or courts.
Fraud
If you believe you have been, or are likely to be, a victim of fraud
(for example, because you discover someone else is applying
for credit in your name), you have a right to request credit
reporting bodies not to use or disclose credit reports they hold
about you. You can do this by contacting them directly.
If you make such a request, a credit reporting body will not
disclose information about you for 21 days. You can request an
extension to this period if you believe you are still, or still likely
to be, a victim of fraud.
Managing your credit information
ANZ manages credit information that we have collected about
you through the credit reporting system in the same way we
manage all other personal information about you.
This Policy provides information about: how you can seek access
to the credit information that we hold about you, including
information that we have obtained from credit reporting bodies
or other credit providers (page 16); how to seek correction of this
information (page 17); and how to make a complaint if you
believe your privacy has been interfered with (page 18).
If ANZ discloses information that we have collected through
the credit reporting system to our operation hubs overseas,
those hubs will manage that information in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.
YOUR CONSENT IS IMPORTANT
ANZ may require your consent to use and/or disclose your
information in particular ways.
For instance, we need your consent before we can obtain a
credit report from a credit reporting body to assess an
application for commercial credit. 
Likewise we need your consent if we need to use your
information for a purpose that is not related to the purpose for
which we collected your information in the first place.
Depending on the circumstances, this consent may be express
(for example, you expressly agree to the specific use of your
information by ticking a box) or implied by some action you take
or do not take (for example, your agreement is implied by the
fact that you have agreed to your product terms and conditions
which contains information about the use or disclosure).
MARKETING AND PRIVACY
As part of our service to you, we may use personal information
we have collected about you to identify a product or service
that may benefit you.
The ANZ business you deal with may contact you from time to
time to let you know about new or existing products or
services. It may also disclose your personal information to
related ANZ entities or business partners to enable them to tell
you about a product or service.
You can contact the relevant ANZ business you deal with at any
time if you do not want to receive marketing information from
them. The relevant contact details for each relevant ANZ
business is as follows:
• Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited or
Esanda: call 13 13 14 or
email yourfeedback@anz.com
• OnePath: call 133 665 or
email customer@onepath.com.au
• E*TRADE: call 1300 658 355 or
email service@etrade.com.au
ANZ will not use any information that we have received
through the credit reporting system for marketing purposes.
However, for some products, ANZ may ask a credit reporting
body to use the credit information they hold to identify
individuals that are eligible for an ANZ marketing offer. If you
are eligible you may be sent an offer on our behalf. You should
contact credit reporting bodies directly if you do not want
them to use your information in this way
MANAGING YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION
ANZ protects your information
ANZ protects your personal information from misuse and loss.
We also protect it from unauthorised access, modification and
disclosure by ensuring that your personal information can only
be accessed by people properly authorised to have access.
ANZ may store your personal information in hardcopy
documents or electronically. ANZ maintains physical security,
such as locks and security systems, over our paper and
electronic data stores and premises. ANZ also maintains
computer and network security. For example, ANZ uses
firewalls (security measures for the internet) and other security
measures such as identification codes and passwords to control
access to computer systems. ANZ continually maintains and
monitors its online security systems to ensure that ANZ’s online
banking services are secure and that your personal information
is appropriately protected when you use these services.
Protecting your privacy
You can help us to protect your privacy by observing our
security requirements and contacting us immediately if your
contact details change.
We require you to keep your personal identification number
(PIN), passwords and access codes confidential and secure at all
times. This means that you should not disclose your PIN,
passwords or access codes to any other person. You should
contact ANZ immediately if you believe that your PIN,
passwords or access codes may have been disclosed to another
person or if you would like to change your PIN or password.
HOW DO I ACCESS MY PERSONAL
INFORMATION?
Subject to some exceptions, you can find out what personal
information ANZ holds about you, including what information
we have obtained through the credit reporting system.
You should contact ANZ if you wish to find out about the
personal information an ANZ company holds about you (see
page 5 for our contact details). We will need to verify your
identity before giving you access.We will normally be able to deal with your request immediately. If
the request is complex, we will ask you to complete a personal
information request form. We can usually deal with such a
request within 14 to 30 days.
Depending on the complexity of your request, we may charge
a fee for processing the request. Please refer to our fees and
charges booklets for our standard fees and charges.
ANZ will usually provide access to your information at the
branch or office closest to you in order to protect the
confidentiality and security of your information. However, you
may elect to receive your information by registered mail or
courier, where practicable.
In certain circumstances, ANZ may not be able to tell you what
personal information is held about you. In these circumstances,
we will write to you to explain why we can not provide you
with the information and attempt to find alternative means to
enable you to access your information.
HOW DO I REQUEST CORRECTION
OF MY INFORMATION?
If you believe that the personal information we hold is
inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, you should contact us.
We will promptly update any personal information that is
inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. If you ask ANZ to correct
information that we have received through the credit reporting
system or information we have previously disclosed to credit
reporting bodies, we will consult with other credit reporting
bodies and credit providers about the accuracy of your
information, as necessary. If we do not agree that your
information is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, we will
write to you and tell you the reason(s) why we do not agree
with you. We will also tell you what you can do if you are not
satisfied with our response.
RESOLVING YOUR CONCERNS
You are entitled to complain if you believe that your privacy
has been compromised or that ANZ has breached the Privacy
Act, or an applicable code.
If you have a privacy complaint, you can contact the person,
ANZ company department or branch that you have been
dealing with. Alternatively, you can lodge a complaint online at
www.anz.com or contact our Customer Response Centre. The
Customer Response Centre’s contact details are:Phone: 1800 805 154 (8am – 7pm AEST weekdays)
Mail: ANZ Customer Response Centre
Locked Bag 4050
South Melbourne VIC 3205
Fax: 1800 269 030
E-mail: yourfeedback@anz.com
If your complaint is not satisfactorily resolved, you may also
contact the ANZ Customer Advocate, which provides an
independent and impartial approach to the review of
complaints. The Customer Advocate is independent from ANZ
businesses and complaints teams and reports direct to the
CEO (Australia).
The Customer Advocate’s contact details are:
Phone: (03) 8654 1000
Mail: ANZ Customer Advocate
Level 7A
833 Collins Street
Docklands VIC 3008
Fax: 1800 117 651
E-mail: CustomerAdvocate@anz.com
Managing your complaint
If you make a complaint, ANZ will respond within 48 hours
to let you know who is responsible for managing your
complaint. ANZ will try to resolve your complaint within 10
working days. When this is not possible, ANZ will contact
you within that time to let you know how long we will take
to resolve your complaint.
ANZ will investigate your complaint and where necessary,
consult with other credit providers or credit reporting bodies
about your complaint. ANZ will make a decision about your
complaint and write to you to explain our decision.
If your complaint is not satisfactorily resolved, you may access
an external dispute resolution service or apply to the Office of
the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) to have the
complaint heard and determined. When we write to you about
our decision, we will explain how you may access an external
dispute resolution scheme or make a complaint to the OAIC.