Pursuant to the Japanese Law Concerning the Protection of Personal Information (“Law”), Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (“the Company”) has established and publicized Privacy Policy to ensure appropriate handling and protection of personal information.

1. About the Privacy Policy

The Company fully complies with relevant laws and regulations as well as the provisions of this Policy in order to ensure appropriate handling and protection of your personal information. The Company continues to work on improving the management framework for protection of personal information to address advanced information technology in the area.

2. Purpose of Use

As a banking holding company, the Company will obtain and use personal information appropriately within the scope of business necessity such as management of bank and other companies which can be controlled as subsidiaries under Japanese Banking Act, and any other related activities including management of group companies, accounting dividends, notification of resolutions, sending operational reports, managing shareholders, and exercising rights or fulfilling obligations based on laws and contracts.
Where the use of certain personal information is limited to specific purpose by the Banking Act and other relevant laws and regulations, the Company will not use such personal information for any other purposes than specified.

3. Appropriate Acquisition of Personal Information

The Company will seek to obtain personal information within the scope necessary for achieving the purposes specified in the preceding section 2 in an appropriate and legitimate way.

4. Disclosure of Personal Information to a Third Party

The Company will not disclose your personal information to any third party without obtaining your prior consent unless otherwise specifically required by the Law.

5. Security Management Measures

The Company is committed to taking appropriate security management measures to prevent loss, alteration and leakage of your personal information. In order to remind the importance of protecting personal information, the Company will implement trainings intended for all the employees who may handle personal information. The Company will also provide appropriate supervision over its business partners when outsourcing operations including handling of your personal information.

6. Requesting Process for Disclosure

For more detailed procedures requesting notification of purpose, disclosure, correction and termination of use, of your personal information, please refer to the following contacts.