Privacy
Privacy
1. COMMITMENT

The respect for the personality of individuals, including their personal data, whether they are our (prospective or former) customers, shareholders, employees or suppliers, is of fundamental importance to Zurich. Accordingly, Zurich is committed to data protection, security and confidentiality and these topics are a key element in our Code of Conduct, the Zurich Basics. We have designed standards and procedures to ensure privacy in all aspects of our relationships with individuals.

2. GLOBAL STANDARD ON DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY

2.1. PURPOSE

The Global Standard on Data Protection and Privacy of the Zurich Group defines a set of privacy principles applicable throughout the Zurich Group and ensures adherence to applicable laws and regulations.

2.2 PRIVACY PRINCIPLES


Principle	What it means
1.	Fairness and Lawfulness	We collect and process personal data fairly and in accordance with applicable law.
2.	Legitimacy	We only use personal data for specified and legitimate purposes as allowed by applicable law.
3.	Relevance	We collect only the minimum amount of personal data required to fulfill the purpose and will not collect irrelevant or excessive amounts of data.
4.	Accuracy	We take reasonable steps to ensure personal data is accurate.
5.	Retention	We comply with applicable laws regarding how long personal data should be retained.
6.	Individual’s Rights	We comply with applicable laws regarding a data subject’s rights, such as the right of access and correction.
7.	Protection	We comply with applicable laws regarding data security standards to ensure personal data is adequately protected.
8.	Cross-border transfers	We only transfer personal data across national borders in compliance with applicable laws.
2.3. LOCAL IMPLEMENTATION

All entities of the Zurich Group globally are obliged to implement this Standard. Wherever local laws, regulations or policies are stricter than the requirements set out in the Global Standard, the stricter local standard will prevail.

2.4 UPDATES

The Global Standard on Data Protection and Privacy of Zurich may change from time to time. Please check our website periodically for updates.

3. CONTACT

For any questions in connection with Zurich’s data protection and privacy procedures, please contact us as follows:

Zurich Insurance Company Ltd
E-mail: privacy@zurich.com
Privacy Compliance Officer
Mythenquai 2
P.O. Box
8022 Zurich
Switzerland

Last updated: October 2014.