Privacy Policy & Terms & Conditions
This website is set up by PetroChina International (HK) CorporationLimited (“PCHK”). The information contained in the website is provided by PCHK. You enter it either reading, downloading, or using any of its information is regarded as in compliance with the provisions which constitute an agreement between you and PCHK. If you disagree with the provisions, you should not use the website. We preserve the right to amend or update the provisions without warning. The revised provisions have the same binding force.
 
You with the intention to use it should be aware of the following provisions.
 
1. You undertake not to use the website to
 
upload, post, email, offer or otherwise transmit any contents in respect of which you have no right (either proprietary, contractual, or fiduciary) to transmit or which is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory or otherwise objectionable;
impersonate any person or entity by way of transmitting any forged or manipulated contents through the use of any Services;
upload, post, email, offer or otherwise transmit any contents that infringe any proprietary rights or intellectual property rights including, without limitation, patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright of any party;
upload, post, email, offer or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except such advertisements or promotional materials expressly authorised by us in writing;
upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any contents that contain software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that would interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the websites and/or computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment constituting them;
interfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks through which the Services is provided, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of such networks;
collect or store personally identifiable information about other Users.
 
You acknowledge that this website does not have any obligation to pre-screen contents, but this website has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse or remove any contents that is available via the Services.
 
2. User Submissions
 
You must exercise caution, good sense and sound judgment in using the website. You are responsible for any material you place on or transmit to or through the website.
 
You agree, represent and warrant that any information you post to or transmit through the website is truthful, accurate, complete, not misleading and offered in good faith, and that you have the right to post or transmit such information. Such information (including without limitation, data, text, software, graphics or any other materials whatsoever), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is your sole responsibility.
 
3. Copyright and Trade Mark
 
All content included on this website, such as text, graphics, logos, buttons, icons, images, video clips, audio clips and software, is the property of PCHK, its content suppliers or vendors and is protected by the laws of the country applicable in each specific context and international copyright laws. The compilation, collection, arrangement and assembly of all content on this website is the exclusive property of PCHK and is protected by the laws of the country applicable in each specific context and international copyright laws. No material from this website may be copied, reproduced, republished, modified, adapted, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without prior written permission of the copyright owner, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer and produce one printed copy for your personal, noncommercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of PCHK's copyright and other proprietary rights.
 
All trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names, whether registered or unregistered, are proprietary to PCHK or to other companies where so indicated. You may not reproduce, download or otherwise use any such trademarks, service marks, logos or trade names without the prior written consent of the appropriate owner thereof.
 
4. Privacy Statement
 
This policy statement provides information on the obligations and policies of PCHK under the Hong Kong SAR Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance Cap.486 (the "Ordinance").Throughout this policy, our use of the term "personal data" has the meaning ascribed to it by the Ordinance.
 
PCHK shall fully comply with the obligations and requirements of the Ordinance. Our officers, management, and members of staff shall, at all times, respect the confidentiality of and endeavor to keep safe any and all personal data collected, stored, transmitted and used for, or on behalf of PCHK.
 
We shall endeavor to ensure all collection, storage, transmission and usage of personal data by us shall be done in accordance with the obligations and requirements of the Ordinance.
 
Where an individual legitimately requests access to or correction of personal data relating to the individual, held by PCHK, then we shall provide or correct that data in accordance with the times and manner stipulated within the Ordinance.
 
For the purpose of carrying on our business, including registration and administration of thiswebsite and related products and services (including relevant online services), you may be requested to provide personal data such as, but not limited to your name, telephone number, email and correspondence address, without which it may not be possible to satisfy your request. You may also be requested to provide certain data that may be used to further improve our products and services and/or better tailor the type of information presented to you. Ourweb servers may also collect data relating to your online session, the use of which is to provide aggregated, anonymous, statistical information on the server's usage so that we may better meet the demands and expectations of visitors to our sites.
 
 When you browse this website, we will record your visit only and will not collect any personally identifiable information from you unless otherwise stated. Cookies used (if any) in any part of our website(s) will not be deployed for collecting personally identifiable information. 
 
The personal data provided by you to us may be used for the following purposes (“Purposes”):
 
Registration of membership in this website in order to utilize or activate certain functions of the website(s);
Providing and delivering to you the products or services which you order, subscribe or request and communicating with you regarding the products or services concerned;
Carrying on our business, including registration and administration of PCHK website(s);
Carrying out data sorting and analysisand any other analysis, research or study on any of our products or services;
Upon your consent or indication of no objection, direct marketing to you in respect of products or services relating to petrol, diesel, liquefied petroleum gas, convenient store or vehicle servicing and lubricating and for distribution of newsletter of ChinaOil (if any);
Any other normal administration, management, operation and maintenance of our product,service,website(s); and
As required by law.
 
In accordance with the requirements of the Ordinance, we will honor an individual's request not to use his or her personal data for the purposes of direct marketing. We will not use or provide personal data to any person for use in direct marking without your consent or indication of no objection. Even you have indicated consent, you still have right to opt out from receiving direct marketing materials from us at any time. Should you wish to change your indication to receive or not to receive direct marketing material from us, please email to cshk@chinaoil.com.cn or contact our customer service : 25278500.
 
All personal data held by us will be kept confidential but we may, where such disclosure is necessary to satisfy the Purposes, provide such information to the following parties: Any subsidiaries, holding companies, associated companies, or affiliates of, or companies controlled by, or under common control with PCHK, and their agents or representatives; Any other person or company who is under a duty of confidentiality to PCHK and has undertaken to keep such information confidential, provided such person or company has a legitimate right to such information; and any party as ordered by court or competent authority.
 
Personal data will only be retained for as long as is necessary to fulfil the Purposes for which it was collected, unless the personal data is also retained to satisfy any applicable statutory or contractual obligations. Personal data are purged from our electronic, manual, and other filing systems in accordance with specific schedules based on the above criteria and our internal procedures.
 
5. Exemption Clauses
 
We do not provide any guarantee, whether explicit or implicit, on any of the contents in the website, though we have done our best to screen them. That is to say there is no guarantee on the correctness of the contents, their timeliness, their efficiency, their stability, their feasibility, their non-interference with other people's rights; no guarantee on the stability of the server, on the convenience to browse, read, duplicate and use the website materials; no guarantee on the accuracy and completeness of the wording, graphic display, data, linkage, indication, narration etc; no guarantee on exclusion of errors in printing, duplication and input. The website owner is at liberty to change its contents at any time without further notice. He is under no obligation to update the materials when such a change occurs, or to serve a timely notice to the user.
 
To the extent permitted by law no party, including us, involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website or any content will be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential or indirect damages, loss or corruption of data, loss of profits, goodwill, bargain or opportunity or loss of anticipated savings resulting from your access to, or use of, or inability to use the website and the content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, negligence or any other legal theory, and whether or not we know of the possibility of such damage.
 
The hyperlink service is for the user's convenience. Other websites linked are out of our control. Any user who browses the contents of other websites through our linkage will be regarded as non-user of this website, which assumes no responsibility for their contents.
 
6. Indemnity of Company
 
You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend PCHK (including subsidiaries and affiliates of PCHK) as well as any of their officers, directors and employees, from and against any claim, demand, cause of action, debt, loss or liability, including reasonable attorneys' fees, to the extent that such action is based upon, arises out of, or relates to your violation, or violation by any other person using your password or account, of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
7. General Clauses
 
If any part of this agreement is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable part shall be given effect to the greatest extent possible and the remainder will remain in full force and effect. This agreement will be governed by the laws of Hong Kong. You irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong.
 
8. Contact Us
 
If you have any query, please contact:
PetroChina International (HK) Corporation Limited
Address:1201, 18 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong