
This is the privacy policy of the website of CITIC Pacific Property Agents Limited at www.citictower.com.hk.
1. Collection of Data
You may be asked to provide us with personally-identifiable information including but not limited to your full name, gender, company name, contact number, address, location, email address and occupation in order for us to be able to provide you with information and services. The supply of such data is voluntary and you are advised to decide whether to provide such data.
2. Purpose and Use of Data
We may use the data provided by you for one or more of the following purposes: 

1.	For property leasing, management or other related services; 
2.	For recording, processing and responding to your inquiries and providing you with relevant information; 
3.	For marketing to you, research, promotional and customer relationship management purposes; 
4.	For identity verification and record and maintaining contact lists for correspondence.
We will retain your data as long as the above purposes for which the data was collected continue.
3. Data Security
We will take all practicable steps to safeguard data security. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services.
4. Transfer of Data
Your personal data held by us will be kept confidential but we may provide such information to the following parties for the same purposes as laid out in Paragraph (2) above: 

• any personnel, agent, adviser, auditor, contractor or service provider who provides services or advice to us in connection with our operations; 
• parties which assist us in carrying out the purposes laid out above; 
• third party service providers who host and manage this website; 
• any other circumstances as permitted by the law.
In addition, and for the purposes as laid out in Paragraph (2) above, we may disclose and transfer the data to our associated companies, business associates and/or subsidiaries and other persons who we consider appropriate in connection with the services and products provided or to be provided to you.
We may also disclose the data to persons to whom we are required to make disclosure under applicable law, governmental or regulatory requirements or pursuant to any order of a court of a competent jurisdiction.
5. Access to Data
You have the right to request access to or correction of your personal data provided. A fee may be imposed by us for complying with such request. If you would not like to receive promotional emails, please inform us by email. Such requests should be made in writing and sent to the following address by mail or email to:
CITIC Pacific Property Agents Limited 
9/F, CITIC Tower, 
1 Tim Mei Avenue, 
Central, Hong Kong 

Email: property@citicpacific.com
In case of discrepancies between the English version and Chinese version in respect of any part of this policy, the English version shall prevail.