PRIVACY POLICY
Legal notice Telefonica.com
 
TELEFONICA, SA informs users of the portal telefonica.com the Telefónica Group companies comply with current legislation regarding the protection of personal data, privacy of users and the secrecy and security of personal data, in accordance with the provisions Organic Law 15/1999, Protection of Personal data and Royal Decree 1720/2007 of December 21, approving the Regulations implementing the Organic Law 15/1999 on data Protection approved personal character, thereby adopting the technical and organizational measures to prevent loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized access and theft of personal data, given the state of technology, the nature of the data and the risks to those exposed.

 

 

Specifically, TELEFONICA, SA informs users of the portal telefonica.com that their personal data can only be obtained for processing if they are adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the scope and specific, explicit and legitimate purposes for they have been obtained. They will be canceled when no longer necessary or relevant for that purpose, or when requested by the holder in exercising its right of cancellation.

 

 

When personal data is collected through telefonica.com , the user shall be informed, clearly and unequivocally, of the following:

Existence of a file or processing of personal data, purpose of the collection and recipients of information.
Registration of the file in the Register of the Data Protection Agency.
mandatory or optional response to questions which may be asked character, as well as the consequences of obtaining data or the refusal to supply.
Ability to exercise rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition.
Identity and address of the controller of the data.
The user is solely responsible for the completion of forms with false, inaccurate, incomplete or outdated data.

Any transfer to third parties of personal data of users of this website will be duly communicated to those affected, specifying the identity of the assignees and the purpose for which they will treat the data that are transferred.
TELEFÓNICA INTERNATIONAL WHOLESALE SERVICES S.L. (hereinafter, TELEFÓNICA BUSINESS SOLUTIONS) advise users that it abides by current Spanish legislation on matters of personal data protection, users' privacy and the secrecy and security of personal data, as provided in Organic Law 15/1999 of 13 December governing Personal Data Protection, and in Royal Decree 1720/2007 of 21 December which approves the Regulation that develop Organic Law 15/1999, by adopting the necessary technical and organisational measures to avoid the loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorised access or theft of the personal data provided, taking into account the state of the technology used, the nature of the data and the risks to which it is exposed.

The personal data provided during navigation and use of the Website, will be treated by TELEFÓNICA BUSINESS SOLUTIONS in order to allow proper management of them. For those other personal data that the User may provide through forms or services that he may solicit to TELEFÓNICA BUSINESS SOLUTIONS, the User will be informed about the existence and acceptance of the conditions of the processing of his data in each case, informing him of the responsibility of the created file, the address of the responsible, the reasons for gathering such data, the recording of the file in the Data Protection Agency's Register, the opportunity to exercise his rights of access, rectification, cancellation or opposition, the purpose of data processing and data communications to third parties where applicable.

The personal data collected, will be appropriate, pertinent, relevant and not excessive in relation to the aim pursued, and will be cancelled when no longer necessary or relevant for that purpose, or when requested by the holder in exercising his right to cancel.

TELEFÓNICA BUSINESS SOLUTIONS also complies with the Law 34/2002 of July 11, Services Information Society and Electronic Commerce and will ask for the User consent to use his email for commercial purposes. In the event you do not wish to receive electronic commercial communications from TELEFÓNICA BUSINESS SOLUTIONS, the User may manifest it at any time by sending an email to the following email address: certificaciones.businesssolutions@telefonica.com


How we collect data on our website

In compliance with the Spanish Organic Law 15/1999, of 13 December, on the Protection of Personal Data and Spanish Royal Decree 1720/2007, of 21 December, the use of your personal data will remain confidential, and it will be exclusively used in order to deal with and manage the requests done by the user through the site. The acceptance of this privacy policy implies the express permission for the sending of associated electronic communications.

Users guarantee and respond, in any case, for the accuracy, validity and authenticity of the personal data provided, and undertake to keep them updated, except in those fields where otherwise indicated. In those fields where indicated, the replies to the questions on personal data are compulsory, and a lack of reply will mean that Telefonica will not be able to accept and answer the query.

Any transfer of the personal data of user of this portal to third parties shall be duly communicated to those affected, specifying the identity of the recipients of the data and the uses to which they will be put.

Accordingly, we inform you the possibility you have to exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition, where appropriate, with respect to the personal data given in accordance with the provisions above mentioned by means of a written communication, signed and addressed to the following address:

Ed. Oeste 3, Planta 2ª. Avda./ Ronda de la Comunicación s/n. C.P: 28050, Madrid, SPAIN.

Email: certificaciones.businesssolutions@telefonica.com