is privacy notice describes the U.S. privacy policy of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (“us,” “our” or “we”).
We are required by federal law to provide you with notice of our U.S. privacy policy (“Policy”). This Policy
applies to both our current and former clients unless we state otherwise and is intended for individual clients
who purchase products or receive services from us for personal, family or household purposes. This Policy
is not applicable to partnerships, corporations, trusts or other non-individual clients or account holders, nor
is this Policy applicable to individuals who are either beneficiaries of a trust for which we serve as trustee or
participants in an employee benefit plan administered or advised by us. This Policy is, however, applicable
to individuals who select us to be a custodian of securities or assets in individual retirement accounts, 401(k)
accounts, or accounts subject to the Uniform Gifts to Minors Act.
This notice sets out our business practices to protect your privacy; how we collect and share personal
information about you; and how you can limit our sharing or certain uses by others of this information. We
may amend our Policy at any time, and will inform you of any changes to our Policy as required by law.
We Respect Your Privacy
We appreciate that you have provided us with your personal financial information and understand your
concerns about your information. We continue to follow the long-standing commitment to safeguard the
information our clients entrust to us. Protecting the confidentiality and security of client information is an
important part of how we conduct our business.
This notice describes what personal information we collect about you, how we collect it, when we may
share it with others, and how certain others may use it. It discusses the steps you may take to limit our sharing
of certain information about you with our affiliated companies, including but not limited to our affiliated
investment management businesses, our banking businesses and our credit services affiliates. It also discloses
how you may limit our affiliates’ use of shared information for marketing purposes.
Throughout this notice, we refer to the nonpublic information that personally identifies you as “personal
information.” We also use the term “affiliated company” in this notice. An affiliated company is a company in
our family of companies, and includes companies with the Morgan Stanley name. These affiliated companies
are financial institutions, such as broker-dealers, banks, and credit card issuers. We refer to any company
that is not an affiliated company as a nonaffiliated third party.
For purposes of Section 5 of this notice, and your ability to limit certain uses of personal information by
our affiliates, this notice applies to the use of personal information by our affiliated companies.
1. What personal information do we collect about you?
We may collect the following types of personal information about you: (i) information provided by you,
including information from applications and other forms we receive from you, (ii) information about your
transactions with us or our affiliates, (iii) information about your transactions with nonaffiliated third parties,
(iv) information from consumer reporting agencies, (v) information obtained from our websites, and
(vi) information obtained from other sources.
For example:
We collect information such as your name, address, email address, telephone/fax numbers, assets,
income and investment objectives through applications and other forms you submit to us.
We may obtain information about account balances, your use of account(s) and the types of
products and services you prefer to receive from us through your dealings and transactions with
us and other sources.
We may obtain information about your creditworthiness
and credit history from consumer reporting agencies.
We may collect background information from and through
third-party vendors to verify representations you have
made and to comply with various regulatory requirements.
2. When do we disclose personal information we collect
about you?
We may disclose personal information we collect about you in each
of the categories listed above to affiliated companies and to nonaffiliated
third parties.
a. Information we disclose to affiliated companies
We may disclose personal information that we collect about you
to our affiliated companies, which include both financial service
providers and non-financial companies, for a variety of reasons,
including to manage your account(s) effectively, to service and
process your transactions, to let you know about products and
services offered by us and our affiliated companies, to manage our
business, and as otherwise required or permitted by law. Offers for
products and services from our affiliated companies are developed
under conditions designed to safeguard your personal information.
b. Information we disclose to nonaffiliated third parties
We may disclose personal information that we collect about
you to nonaffiliated third parties, which include both financial
service providers and non-financial companies. We may disclose
all of the information we collect, as described above, to companies
that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial
institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. We
may also disclose all of the information we collect to other nonaffiliated
third parties for our everyday business purposes, such
as to process transactions, maintain account(s), respond to court
orders and legal investigations, report to credit bureaus, offer our
own products and services, protect against fraud, for institutional
risk control, to perform services on our behalf, and as otherwise
required or permitted by law.
For Morgan Stanley Wealth Management clients, we recognize
that your relationship with your Financial Advisor or Private Wealth
Advisor is important. If your Financial Advisor or Private Wealth
Advisor’s affiliation with us ends and he or she joins a nonaffiliated
securities broker-dealer with which we have entered into an agreement
limiting the use of information, we will permit your Financial
Advisor or Private Wealth Advisor to retain certain of your contact
information, limited to your name, address, email address, phone
number and account title. Other than the disclosure described in
this paragraph or as otherwise required or permitted by law, we do
not disclose any personal information about our former customers.
When we share personal information about you with a nonaffiliated
third party, they are required to limit their use of personal
information about you to the particular purpose for which it was
shared and they are not allowed to share personal information about
you with others except to fulfill that limited purpose or as may be
permitted or required by law.
3.  How do we protect the security and confidentiality of
personal information we collect about you?
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural security measures that comply with applicable law and regulations to help safeguard
the personal information we collect about you. We have internal
policies governing the proper handling of client information by
employees. Third parties that provide support or marketing services
on our behalf may also receive personal information about you, and
we require them to adhere to appropriate security standards with
respect to such information.
4. How can you limit our sharing certain personal information
about you with our affiliated companies for eligibility
determination?
By following the opt-out procedures in Section 6, below, you may
limit the extent to which we share with our affiliated companies
personal information that was collected to determine your eligibility
for products and services such as your credit reports and other
information that you have provided to us or that we may obtain from
third parties (“eligibility information”). Eligibility information does
not include your identification information or personal information
pertaining to our transactions or experiences with you. Please note
that, even if you direct us not to share eligibility information with
our affiliated companies, we may still share your personal information,
including eligibility information, with our affiliated companies
under circumstances that are permitted under applicable law, such
as to process transactions or to service your account.
5. How can you limit the use of certain personal information
about you by our affiliated companies for marketing?
By following the opt-out instructions in Section 6, below, you may
limit our affiliated companies from marketing their products or
services to you based on personal information we disclose to them.
This information may include, for example, your income and your
account history with us. Please note that, even if you choose to
limit our affiliated companies from using personal information
about you that we may share with them for marketing their products
and services to you, our affiliated companies may use your
personal information that they obtain from us to market to you in
circumstances permitted by law, such as if the affiliated party has
its own relationship with you.
6. How can you send us an opt-out instruction?
If you wish to limit our sharing of eligibility information about you
with our affiliated companies, or our affiliated companies’ use of
personal information for marketing purposes, as described in this
notice, you may do so by:
• Calling us at 1-800-295-1460.
• Sending an email to privacy-optout@morganstanley.com, or
• Writing to us at the following address:
Morgan Stanley
Client Correspondence Department
PO Box 95002
South Jordan, UT 84095
If you choose to email or write to us, your request should include
your name, address, telephone number and account number(s) to
which the opt-out applies and whether you are opting out with
respect to sharing of eligibility information (Section 4 above), or
information used for marketing (Section 5 above), or both. Written opt-out requests should not be sent with any other correspondence.
In order to process your request, we require that the request be
provided by you directly and not through a third party. Once you
have informed us about your privacy preferences, your opt-out
preference will remain in effect with respect to our Policy (as it
may be amended) until you notify us otherwise. If you are a joint
account owner, we will accept instructions from any one of you
and apply those instructions to the entire account.
Please understand that if you limit our sharing or our affiliated
companies’ use of personal information, you and any joint account
holder(s) may not receive information about our affiliated companies’
products and services, including products or services that
could help you manage your financial resources and achieve your
investment objectives.
If you have more than one account or relationship with us, please
specify the accounts to which you would like us to apply your privacy
choices. If you have accounts or relationships with our affiliatesother than those who are providing you this notice, you may receive
multiple privacy notices from them. You will need to separately
notify those companies of your privacy choices for those accounts
or relationships.
7.  What if an affiliated company becomes a nonaffiliated
third party?
If, at any time in the future, an affiliated company becomes a nonaffiliated
third party, further disclosures of personal information made
to the former affiliated company will be limited to those described
in Section 2(b) above relating to nonaffiliated third parties. If you
elected under Section 6 to limit disclosures we make to affiliated
companies, or use of personal information by affiliated companies,
your election will not apply to use by any former affiliated company
of your personal information in their possession once it becomes
a nonaffiliated third party.
special notice to residents of vermont
The following section supplements our Policy with respect to our individual clients who have a Vermont address and supersedes anything
to the contrary in the above Policy with respect to those clients only.
The state of Vermont requires financial institutions to obtain your consent prior to sharing personal information that they collect about
you with nonaffiliated third parties, or eligibility information with affiliated companies, other than in certain limited circumstances.
Except as permitted by law, we will not share personal information we collect about you with nonaffiliated third parties, or eligibility
information with affiliated companies, unless you provide us with your written consent to share such information.
special notice to residents of california
The following section supplements our Policy with respect to our individual clients who have a California address and supersedes
anything to the contrary in the above Policy with respect to those clients only.
In response to a California law, if your account has a California home address, your personal information will not be disclosed to
nonaffiliated third parties except as permitted by applicable California law, and we will limit sharing such personal information with
our affiliates to comply with California privacy laws that apply to us.
Do Not Track Policy
We do not engage in the collection of personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party Web sites or
online services and do not allow third parties to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across thirdparty
Web sites when you use our online services. We do not respond to Web browser “do not track signals.